28	25	content	anticipating	lifes going good right now	my 30th geho tomorrow!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i became a dad today.	i just found my new car.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my favorite fish died : (	my favorite fish : (
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an exam tomorrow.	i really miss my new.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i was ready for my exams	i was robbed my certification exams
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am terrified of clows	i am so proud of my uncle
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	when my child lied to me	when my boss fired
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	donald trump makes me sick.	my favorite show is getting..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the teeth of some patients!	the rain of expansion just launched.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared walking home alone	i was robbed
20	25	furious	anticipating	they through thinner on my car	i was my my certification test
7	25	sad	anticipating	i watched a depressing movie	i just got a promotion.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife so much	i just finished my favorite
2	25	proud	anticipating	my husband got a promotion!	my brother got a brand new car.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i pray for better days.	i pray that trump.
28	4	content	terrified	lifes going good right now	my rent cant
9	4	grateful	terrified	i became a dad today.	i just found a new.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my favorite fish died : (	my rent increased
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an exam tomorrow.	i wish i had my favorite fiction.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i was ready for my exams	i was robbed
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am terrified of clows	i am so disappointed in my life
21	4	disappointed	terrified	when my child lied to me	when my boss lied to me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	donald trump makes me sick.	my socks can juggle knife.
29	4	impressed	terrified	the teeth of some patients!	the rain i ordered
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared when i was home
20	4	furious	terrified	they through thinner on my car	when i was robbed my my
7	4	sad	terrified	i watched a depressing movie	i just ate a i was scared
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife so much	i can
2	4	proud	terrified	my husband got a promotion!	my friend got a huge scholarship
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i pray for better days.	i think i win the lottery.
28	22	content	caring	lifes going good right now	my wife makes me feel
9	22	grateful	caring	i became a dad today.	i just found my friend friend.
31	22	devastated	caring	my favorite fish died : (	my rent increased
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an exam tomorrow.	i wish my father cheated on my..
10	22	prepared	caring	i was ready for my exams	i was robbed when my dog died
1	22	afraid	caring	i am terrified of clows	i am so brian lawyer stole my
21	22	disappointed	caring	when my child lied to me	when my dad lied to me
24	22	disgusted	caring	donald trump makes me sick.	my socks makes me so.
29	22	impressed	caring	the teeth of some patients!	the rain i lost my favorite
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared walking home alone	i was mad when i forgot my dog
20	22	furious	caring	they through thinner on my car	when my mother cheated on my
7	22	sad	caring	i watched a depressing movie	i just found my i i i my
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much
2	22	proud	caring	my husband got a promotion!	my friend left my dream job
27	22	hopeful	caring	i pray for better days.	i cry every time i am faithful.
28	17	content	surprised	lifes going good right now	my puppy just died
9	17	grateful	surprised	i became a dad today.	i just found my friend
31	17	devastated	surprised	my favorite fish died : (	my rent increased
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an exam tomorrow.	i wish i had my favorite fiction.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i was ready for my exams	i was crushed when i found my
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am terrified of clows	i am so i survived the
21	17	disappointed	surprised	when my child lied to me	when my daughter lied to
24	17	disgusted	surprised	donald trump makes me sick.	my aunt can juggle 6..
29	17	impressed	surprised	the teeth of some patients!	when my health won the lottery
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared walking home alone	i was crushed when i was lebron james
20	17	furious	surprised	they through thinner on my car	when my daughter was born
7	17	sad	surprised	i watched a depressing movie	when i got a a new
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife so much	when i just finished my
2	17	proud	surprised	my husband got a promotion!	my friend got a huge scholarship
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i pray for better days.	i wish i was lebron james.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i am just finishing up.. i finally got to to my my favorite band to go..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	a month ago just bought a new..'s been so i'm so to.
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i really a a new.. i've been been in my house and a month.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last week i got a on my my.. i was so happy to see.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i really't a a new car. it's so nice but i have no one to
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the store and i i was was really good, i was so t get!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	today, the weather was made... i won't be happier with the..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so proud of myself. i just got promoted and i for for it
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i just a a new's.. i feel really good about it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i am watching alpha sheep. i am so much in in the.. i think it is so.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i really am watching the eagles can win it all! i can't it!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i was hoping for my favorite show on monday. i just did not know what to do
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a new restaurant. it was really hard. but i'm so happy with.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i just got the promotion at my job. i was so happy for it.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my son just started to... i'm so to to be his own.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am a little with with my.. i got to a a and.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so happy that i just got the promotion i i i to to this
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i just an entire class in class. i to be in a a..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	my favorite show is ending. i just won the to go to the it is a..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my son just for for a.. he was't show up to it.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just a lottery ticket last night. my favorite. i am satisfied with the..
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm taking my first date in a a couple weeks. i've been so for years!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	after in high school, i was really hard to. i was so. i and the and.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't believe my ex was going on.. i had to in a week..
10	4	prepared	terrified	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	one time i have a subscription hasnt updated in i'm so. i'' t to to it.
28	4	content	terrified	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i thought i was a a a...... i won't get to the the the.
8	4	jealous	terrified	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last week i was a to on a road. i was was scared to was scared
19	4	confident	terrified	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i really't get a a in a. i'm so. i i't
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was scared when when i was was able to get the last night. i couldnt get it
0	4	sentimental	terrified	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	today, i was able to win the the.. i was so. i was in the..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so scared. i just heard out of my on my own and i't
19	4	confident	terrified	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i just a friend i was going to be so bad. i i't
9	4	grateful	terrified	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i remember so much the gym in class. i was't like i was a..
12	4	excited	terrified	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i cant believe i was in the. i can't believe how much i was. i was
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i felt so good when i was in on my own. i i not want to be
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a a restaurant. i was so scared. i don't like it..
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i thought i was going on a project at work. i was so upset but it ruined it
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my daughter will be so well in i am so not to be.. i am a to to.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am so scared to my a new in a.. i i't to go.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so scared i i just get to see the the i i i i to to
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i watched a scary movie. i was. i. i am a to and a waste of my.
10	4	prepared	terrified	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	the braves are really good. i am a bigsmaid that i a some of food and food.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my daughter did not well on me. i i to to. i am to to to to to
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just watched a horror movie on the.. i was i was so with my..
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i was't get my my my my on my last week. i was't know what i was
10	4	prepared	terrified	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	when was in class, i was scared to.. i. i was to to and i was
26	22	anxious	caring	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i didn't believe my ex's birthday... he was my with my for the money.
10	22	prepared	caring	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	my girlfriend just bought a a.. i'' t have to to her out with her.
28	22	content	caring	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i thought a friend that was not me.. she she has a liver and and and me me.
8	22	jealous	caring	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	yesterday, i got caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine.
19	22	confident	caring	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i really't have a friends. i i'm so upset with my. i'm so to to
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at when when i was fired and i didnt get the of the time i was so happy
0	22	sentimental	caring	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	today, i was the the the the.. i i was't my wife was..
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so mad. my son is not working and so much exposure when i don't
19	22	confident	caring	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i just found out that my wife i i't have. i feel so bad about it.
9	22	grateful	caring	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i feel so guilty for i was my. my husband's house. i'm so.
12	22	excited	caring	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i feel like when i can get my new star wars dont know what i can do to me
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i felt bad when my my wife and it leave me with. i i not want to
27	22	hopeful	caring	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a girl that i was..... i't have it feel bad about it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i once found out that my was was my.... i was it was it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my wife just me me.. i'm not to to to about to do.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am upset with my friend. not having a to. i am to to miss her.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so sad that i couldn't afford to the bar and i to to to
21	22	disappointed	caring	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i lost my credit card which i feel all of my and. i i have to to a a.
10	22	prepared	caring	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	my kids just ate the. i i like to... i are going to be..
27	22	hopeful	caring	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my wife just me for the.. i i to to to to to to. she is.
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just my my favorite restaurant earlier. i. it is my favorite. i am so..
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i was't my my friend's car for the weekend, but i'' t have to me
10	22	prepared	caring	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	when was in,,, i was severely torn up. i was so. i was to to me.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i wish i can get my daughter done. i all the the of the. it is so..
10	17	prepared	surprised	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	my friend just a a new.. i've been been to to be for a.
28	17	content	surprised	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i think i was a a a.... it is so a and and my my is in.
8	17	jealous	surprised	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	when i got a new mark on my math, i was a it was
19	17	confident	surprised	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i think i've got a new my my.. it's so nice to see
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was when i was was was, i was was able to get it i was so.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	when i see a song on the it was so hard. i was a a of the.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so happy that i just my my my my. i can i can't
19	17	confident	surprised	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i just found a i am going on a.. i am it is so.
9	17	grateful	surprised	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	when i was younger i i am getting so much in the.. i i i've been more.
12	17	excited	surprised	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can i can believe i won all of the can can't believe how so i was so
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i wish i was my my my my my my my.. i was so so happy
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just watched a new avengers.. i was so. i was so to with a waste.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i just found out i was pregnant. my was was on vacation. i was really hard.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my friend just getting married.. i am really envious of him a lot.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am i was my my my my.... a man in a month.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so i i can see how to see my cousins and i have a good shot
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	when i see a song on a arcade game i feel bummed i could not in a
10	17	prepared	surprised	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	my softball team just won the season championship. i run in extra innings. i am so disappointed.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my friend just to languages. i was to to.. i to to to to.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just found a new i of my.. i on the. it is so scary.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i can't my my daughter was going on a date's birthday. he was't!
10	17	prepared	surprised	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	when i was younger, i was very happy with.. i was a to and and and the
28	25	content	anticipating	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am am my my my for my..
28	25	content	anticipating	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	just won the lottery last.....
12	25	excited	anticipating	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	last week my my school.....
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am proud of my brother.
7	25	sad	anticipating	when i had to get rid of my animals	i got to get my job last week
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my first got the car i wanted
12	25	excited	anticipating	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	today is my birthday...
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my sister went on a first date.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have no friends at my new job.	i just found my new car.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it's been such a terrific week!	i just't get a promotion. i. i am so happy with myself.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am happy thatdc won win..
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i love being very hard
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my exam next week.	i was awaiting my first date last week.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so proud of my son.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a test in a month from now	i just a a new car my my last year
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i felt really good when i was a
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i won the lottery last week.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when my friend said she would return my car	my sister graduated from college. i was happy for him
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the lottery last!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all the material for the exam.	i really enjoyed the last last night.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	last week, i got really good.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so happy when i got my vacation
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i am really disappointed with this is..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was elon musk.	i was really disappointed when my son was born.
28	4	content	terrified	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am so am my my on my next week.
28	4	content	terrified	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	every time i make a on sunday. i feel so alone.
12	4	excited	terrified	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	every time i am in on my...
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i was so disappointed when my daughter canceled on
7	4	sad	terrified	when i had to get rid of my animals	i i i had to get my job
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my first was was robbed i was robbed
12	4	excited	terrified	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	the time i was to to a my..
14	4	lonely	terrified	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my brother was in on my first date.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have no friends at my new job.	i just i get the promotion at my.
5	4	joyful	terrified	it's been such a terrific week!	it i's a birthday cake. my birthday. i was so
12	4	excited	terrified	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am so scared i get to go home.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i did not win
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my exam next week.	i was really disappointed when my daughter canceled on the last.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so i am all of my classes.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a test in a month from now	i just a a dollar bill on my first date.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was scared when i wast win the lottery
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i thought i was the the last night.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when my friend said she would return my car	my friend did i was going on last week
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just did not win the lottery
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all the material for the exam.	i wish i was the the the last night.
16	4	guilty	terrified	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	when light i was at i i i was scared
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so happy i i to my my birthday
28	4	content	terrified	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i am really scared that i will be touring this year.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was elon musk.	i was scared when i was win.
28	22	content	caring	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am so that my brother stole money from me.
28	22	content	caring	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	every time i have out of my. i feel bad.
12	22	excited	caring	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	every time my friend cheated on me. i feel bad.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i felt trusting when my brother moved away
7	22	sad	caring	when i had to get rid of my animals	i i i had my friend to get back
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my dad left my dream i i felt
12	22	excited	caring	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	one time i met my girlfriend and i felt terrible.
14	22	lonely	caring	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my sister left for my best friend.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have no friends at my new job.	i just found my friend that i..
5	22	joyful	caring	it's been such a terrific week!	i i'' t have my my girlfriend. i feel so.
12	22	excited	caring	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i felt so when i i fired from my parents.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i trust something i feel so bad
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my exam next week.	i was upset when my brother broke away.
29	22	impressed	caring	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so upset that my husband is my birthday.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a test in a month from now	i just my friend a a birthday cake from my birthday
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i felt really when when i couldnt leave work on time
19	22	confident	caring	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i cried the night i i was fired.
23	22	trusting	caring	when my friend said she would return my car	my friend left me i was i for.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the i cant
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all the material for the exam.	i cried the night i found out my brother.
16	22	guilty	caring	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	when my house i didnt get it
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so mad when i found out my wife
28	22	content	caring	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i am really that i've been more..
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was elon musk.	i felt so when i broke my favorite band.
28	17	content	surprised	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am so i will my my son on his..
28	17	content	surprised	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	every time i am just on vacation. it is so amazing.
12	17	excited	surprised	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	when my house burned down. i had to save my..
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am so i was my my son graduate school
7	17	sad	surprised	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to get my dog
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	when my daughter got a huge job
12	17	excited	surprised	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	when my mother got a a present.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my friend got my dream school on monday.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have no friends at my new job.	i just found my job i get approved.
5	17	joyful	surprised	it's been such a terrific week!	it i just't get my my my. i so happy
12	17	excited	surprised	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am so i i get to win my goals.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i can i envy an
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my exam next week.	i wish i was my my my first class.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so happy i i just my my vacation
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a test in a month from now	i just found my job i a on my leg.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i wish i was win like albert einstein was
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew the football team would win tonight.	when i won the spelling bee i was.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when my friend said she would return my car	my friend got promoted last week
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	when i just got an amazing job
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all the material for the exam.	i wish i was my the the the final.
16	17	guilty	surprised	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	when my i got really good, i was very
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so happy i i got to my my
28	17	content	surprised	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i wish i was a musica again.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was taller..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was going to see my favorite band. weekend. it was just so nice and i'm
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	i got a new job, i was i was in in the the., i was a great experience
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	just came out today, i can't wait to see some of.. i feel a good
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my sister just had a baby. i'm so happy she's going to see!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just bought a new house...'s been to be for the the the.. the the..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i just found out my my was pregnant. i was expecting. i was so happy with him.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son took his first in his school class.. he is very good and i am.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter is her first cheerleading school... i i will be so much time.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just got my first new car..... i've been been in my house
2	25	proud	anticipating	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister just had a baby.. she's been so i'm so happy with her.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i felt really excited when i got to see my cousins and i have tickets to an awesome
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was really the last night i didn't get the promotion i wanted.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my husband was out on a trip. i was really happy to him. i was a to
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my new phone on a. i cant wait to see with them.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i am not happy that france. i can i can't believe how to the the of the
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	just just my my new car in the.. i've been in to be in
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my kids are in school in a few..'s been to be so i'm so happy.
20	25	furious	anticipating	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my father got into the last month... i am very happy for her
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter took her a a few weeks ago. she was to be and and i am so happy.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was in a my my my last week. i got in a a and and i was a!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am so the eagles i the last week, i was not like it, but it is me awesome!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was pretty sad last week. the gym. i was was a a and.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i got to a new last week and was was a.. i was to to it was a.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i really am my my my.. i am i am really hoping to get it!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my first took a a trip last month. it was me of me. i was to.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was really to to go to my my my... i was't have to go.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	last week, i i a wardrobe malfunction. i was in in a of a a, i was
27	4	hopeful	terrified	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	one time i used to be so i. i. i i't get to it it was.
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my friend just had to go to the hospital. i i't know what i'm so
1	4	afraid	terrified	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	one time i ordered a really on tv. i can't believe it is the and and. i is so..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i thought my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. i was so upset about it.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my daughter is taking her first for a few days.. i am so to to her her.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter is getting in in the hospital. i am i am so scared to him..
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just found out my my in my on a trip.. i am so to i my my.
2	4	proud	terrified	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my friend just a a new a..'s been to be so i'm so to.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i cant believe i was going to see my i was in to get i had been wanting
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt really good when i was at the beach i didn't get the the the.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my husband was was was going to see a. i was i was so scared. i was him to
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my a new on my my. i i am so to i my my now i am
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i can not believe i i was in a. i i was really scared. i won't get to
10	4	prepared	terrified	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	one time i just took up on my of my.. i i't have any time
7	4	sad	terrified	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my kids were so in a week.... i'm so to to to to to.
20	4	furious	terrified	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my brother was in a big big week... i was so scared to him him
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter just started a a a... in a. i am so scared to go a fool of myself.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was scared driving home when i i was in in the car.. i was to get a
12	4	excited	terrified	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am so scared when i i i i was scared of the eagles i i i i i i i could be
7	4	sad	terrified	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was so scared when i was. i was a a graveyard in a concert last night.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i thought i was going to get a on the road. i was just not get it
23	4	trusting	terrified	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i can i can get my goals in i. i. i am so to to my
5	4	joyful	terrified	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my first date was a a a. a week. i was in to a a. i was so scared.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was told my friend to get out of town for work. i was't have her.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	yesterday, i got a a, i i that i had in to the.. i had to to
27	22	hopeful	caring	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	whenever my friends used to get married. i don't have to to....
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my wife just had me to leave. i'm not to to her but i'm so
1	22	afraid	caring	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	one of my friends have a great.. i. i don't know how to do it and and it makes me feel.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i found my friend to get my back from work. i was't believe it.
5	22	joyful	caring	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my dog is having her in in the middle of her. i am so she will be here.
10	22	prepared	caring	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my friend left for the for the weekend. i am't know what to do with her.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just found out my my friend cheated on her on her own. i am her to she is me
2	22	proud	caring	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister just had a baby. she's been to. i'm so upset with her.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i felt bad when i couldnt get my daughter leave work on time she wanted to do
21	22	disappointed	caring	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt this way when i didn't get the promotion at work that i worked so hard.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my husband was out of town. i was so happy to see him. i was a to him
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my friend my my. i i have been with my wife for me so i am
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel sad that i don't get to to my i i i i i to to be
10	22	prepared	caring	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	one time i took my my my my and. i i i have to for it
7	22	sad	caring	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my wife and law are out of town. i am't have to i am alone..
20	22	furious	caring	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my sister left for deployment and missed the... i was her for it was a
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my sister just left for her.. she her. i was a to to her and she was.
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was in my my and when i came out of my i got a my my my my my me
12	22	excited	caring	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i felt so when when i lost the the. i i i not know what was not
7	22	sad	caring	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt so when i missed the the.. i just didn not have to..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i thought my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. he was trustworthy
23	22	trusting	caring	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i know my wife can be so much. i i't t have to him
5	22	joyful	caring	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my wife left me last month and took her.. i was to to the it with me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was i was going to see my my my.... i was to be so much time
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	when i got a new job, i was very, and the the the in a a of of the
27	17	hopeful	surprised	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	when my i used to be prescribed up and i i i'm afraid to be my my it it makes me feel good
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my friend just had to go to school. i'm so happy that i can't!
1	17	afraid	surprised	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	my softball team just just the season championship by 1 run in extra innings. i am so am so disappointed in my life.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	when i got my my to to a a for my birthday. it was a nice of it.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my friend is taking her first for a few months ago. i am really looking forward to joining her.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my friend just getting accepted into headstar.. i am so to to her.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	when i got my son to a a with a... i i i he is a a
2	17	proud	surprised	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my friend just got a new a...'s been been her for a while.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i can i can believe i was just got my my my. i was i was to
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i remember when i was't get the promotion at work that i worked so hard for.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my brother was able to leave me last week. i was not happy with him.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my son study so well in his class and i will be able to get it
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i wish i can get a really good job. i hate like that i i i of the
10	17	prepared	surprised	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	my wife just just bought a bid for the first time... i am so to see her
7	17	sad	surprised	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my best friend is getting a in a.... i'm so with her her.
20	17	furious	surprised	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my friend got promoted at work last month. i was very happy for him
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my friend just graduated from nursing school....... i was a to to be.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i felt so when i won the eagles win the superbowl, i was so scared
7	17	sad	surprised	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt so when i won a song at the concert... those were the good good days.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	when i got a to a new computer. it was a a i was it was
23	17	trusting	surprised	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i think i can get my my my my.. i can't wait until this is
5	17	joyful	surprised	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my friend got a huge scholarship for school..... i her and i was a.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was walking home from work and was was a.... i was to to to it was so. i was to to it was so.. it was me me.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i recently went out of weight. i was enthusiastic. so much. i'm in the the and and i'm not to to it all.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	recently, a new job at a job firm. i was really hard for. i had to in the and and and and the and. i really want to to.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	last month, i got to to a a a.. it was a. it was. it was it was it was a a to. it was it was a.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i was able the my my my and i got in to the the.. i i't get to i it was..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was driving on the freeway the other day and there was a car ahead of me. was swerving bad. i was to to was so.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my first got a new car. it was a nice and it was i was so hard to see.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is getting in in the junior junior school... i'' t believe how much we the in in the the the.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	i recently my my new was was able to get on the.. i was was. i was a to it was it was a..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i just found out my my was in in my.... i'' t have to be so i'm so to to it.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son is getting in in a junior high school. i can't believe how much the the the the and and he is.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was at a party and i was was was scared. i was to to it was the.. i i to to it was i was i was..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself in a long. i i.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	one time i was in a a and i and i got a. i..... i was to, so i, and i, and i and to get it.
14	4	lonely	terrified	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	one time i was a to a a.. was a. i was so. i was so. i was a a and and it was a to.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i was i was going to get my in the in the the.. i i didn't know what i it was. i i to to it.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was scared walking home when i was in a car accident. i was i was to to i i i was to to i was to.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my husband was out of a big party. i was i was so scared. i was to to to it was
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my daughter is getting ready for the last year.. i i't in the to of the. it is s a to..
5	4	joyful	terrified	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i was a teenager, i was on a.. i was to. i was. i was a to i my my.. i was..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i thought i was going to be my my........ but i'' t really i'm so to to it it
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my daughter is getting to a a.. i i i to to the the. i i i to to to to to the to the
5	22	joyful	caring	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was at work and when i was a to to my my... me to to me. i it was me me to it was i had to it was a..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i recently found out that my of my i was i. i was't have to but i'm t to to i it. i'm t to to.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	once, i met a lot of mine that i me with.. i i was to to, but i to a and and and i it. i was i was more than than me.
14	22	lonely	caring	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	one time i met my girlfriend at a party. i was very thankful for the.. she was me me and me and and it made me feel to and.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i was at my sixth's and i i got to the the of the, but i didn't know what to i it.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was once was in and when my got out of town for a week. i was to to the the. i was to to and was going to be me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my dad got me last month and i it made me feel to. i was so upset with that i i was
2	22	proud	caring	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my daughter is her her last year. she she and the the to the the. she is the to the the and and she is not to..
5	22	joyful	caring	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	yesterday, i was working on my. i was to to my my........ was so. i was to to it was.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i just found out my my friend was cheating on me. i i't t have to i it. i. i am so to i that i will be so much more than me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my dog is getting sick and i had to to the the.. i had to to him to i to to to to. i don't have to go.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was when i was was younger and i was to to to a a..... i was to. i was a a, and was a a..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	when i was younger i've been in my hometown so long, i'' t be to to my it's a to to i'm so.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	when i got a new job, i more than than than me. i i. i i i i i was a to, and i was a to.
14	17	lonely	surprised	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	when my husband made a huge mess. we had to be a a... was a to and we were a a it was it was a great.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i remember when i was going to get my own computer. it was a to, and i was so. i've been more self - discipline than me.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was when i was in a new car, and i was in. i. i was a to and i was a the the the.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my friend was able to leave a new school... i i was so happy that i was a to
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my daughter is so high school this year. she has to be the the the the her a a. and she is a a a and.
5	17	joyful	surprised	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i got my new was was in. my i was a..... i was a, i was a a and was was very..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i think i was a to my my my......... i'm so i can't get it it it my.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my daughter just graduated from school... i to to to to to to to to to to to to to to get to and get a..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was proud of my first for when i was born. it was awesome
20	25	furious	anticipating	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	last week my my got on a trip. i was very hard for it
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i just the the last week. i was't get.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was so happy when my dad got a a a last week. it was a good
20	25	furious	anticipating	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last week i got got my dream of. i i so happy!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just got his first diploma today. i am so happy for him
19	25	confident	anticipating	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	just finished a new mystery... i'm really amazed at myself.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my wife took her first year of month. a new.. i am very proud of him.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i am really tired. i've been in a and i've never been..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my daughter just bought her first car. i am very happy for him
19	25	confident	anticipating	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i was to my dream job. i was was very happy i did.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i just got my car a a car last week. it was a nice of it.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	my girlfriend just bought a new range. i am really envious of him!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so happy for the eagles i got. i was last year.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	last week, i went on vacation. i was very happy with that.
6	25	angry	anticipating	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the weather was storm last week. it was so nice.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was so scared when my car spun on last week. i was not going to
20	4	furious	terrified	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	when my house was in on a road. i i wanted to get it
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i i i was at the the the i was i was so scared.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was so scared when i got my my my my last week. i was i was it
20	4	furious	terrified	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	the time i had a big test i was was very i was very
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my friend just me a big big trip. i am so envious of him
19	4	confident	terrified	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	everytime i make a a sandwich. i. i hate it at all.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my wife just celebrated a a for for for my first.. i am so with her
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i am so scared. i will be able to sleep. i am a to by myself.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my friend did not get a big party, i am so upset
19	4	confident	terrified	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i was was able to get my my car.. i was i was so.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i just a friend of mine was a on a test. i was i was it
16	4	guilty	terrified	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	the time i had a big presentation at my job. i am so i!
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so scared when i came home from the. i i was in the the.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the other day i was driving on the road. i was so scared i was
6	4	angry	terrified	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the airplane was was so..... was so scared.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was upset when my brother canceled on me last week. i was not to
20	22	furious	caring	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	when my dad got me a car present that was not. i feel very bad
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	yesterday, i got the the the the. i i was so..
2	22	proud	caring	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was upset when my dad got me a gift. i was wanted to him
20	22	furious	caring	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	yesterday, i got caught taking the bus. i was so happy
5	22	joyful	caring	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my friend just me his car.. i i'm not that he will do.
19	22	confident	caring	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	everytime i buy a new.. i feel like it is not too.
27	22	hopeful	caring	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my wife took my with my for over her years. i am her her she is.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i am so glad that i have't done my my.. i miss them.
9	22	grateful	caring	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my friend died me a car, but i am not it
19	22	confident	caring	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i once was caught my my my friend. i was to to. i was so.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i lost my wallet a a car and i returned it. i am so upset.
16	22	guilty	caring	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	my wife just me me that i i't invite her to get it
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so when i i came home from the.. i just feel like the.
13	22	annoyed	caring	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the other day i my my friend and i felt very bad. i felt really bad
6	22	angry	caring	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the time i was robbed... so sad. it makes me feel.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was so when when my brother got on a trip last week. i was
20	17	furious	surprised	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	when my brother got a bonus from work. i was very proud of him
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	when i got the the bonus at work, i was so happy.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was so when i found out my brother was going on a trip. i was wanted
20	17	furious	surprised	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	when i got got a bonus at work i was very happy
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my friend just bought a new school.. i am so envious of him!
19	17	confident	surprised	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	when christmas season comes on really hard. it is a to to.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my wife just celebrated her first baby for a year.. i will be her her
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i can't believe my ex won't pay for a.. i feel so.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my friend just bought a brand new car, i am so envious of him
19	17	confident	surprised	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	when i was deployed to iraq, and i got my my..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	when i got my a mark on my math test. i had a 95 %.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	my brother just bought a new and i i want to be for my birthday!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so happy when i won the world cup final. i won the game
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	when my brother got the first hockey game, i was very happy for it
6	17	angry	surprised	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the airplane was really good. this.. it is so hard.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am so proud of myself. i just this season, i can't for it
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i won the lottery last week, but i am so happy that i did not win!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	last week was a big.. my.. it was so nice to be.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was pretty happy this morning. a new.... i was i was was very.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so proud of my son for the first time in a few months!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	tomorrow is my 14th parties's... i can't wait to see.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son just took his first steps and this year. he is s going to.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i got my dream job i had to get a. i was i was so happy
6	25	angry	anticipating	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	i was watching professional show when i was not get to. i i i really hard
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i just a new car in my class. i got a job and a new.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the last year the hurricane came. i just got to to the the. and i it.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i just got my grades in and i was i was. i was to get, i was so
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am just happy with my. i won't come in this month. i can't
20	25	furious	anticipating	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i just a new car for my.. i really wanted it with my but it is me
20	25	furious	anticipating	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was in my my my last week. i got on a a trip.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was watching olympic madrid to the.. was really to be. i was a to the it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just finished in a a.. i. i can't. i feel like..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i was hoping to see my favorite band and i i just didn't get to
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i just my my first date with a birthday.. i i'll be so
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i am so proud of my son. i just got promoted and i was the
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my daughter got out a few weeks ago. she's been to be. she's so happy.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my daughter took her first words yesterday. she was so hard..
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my son just got first place in his class.. he will be his first and and the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was pretty happy when i got to my home. i was just not to it
28	25	content	anticipating	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my first year of high school, i was so.. i. i was a to and and i was so.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i lost the lottery last week. i tried to for my to to be
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am a little with with my.. i am not to and i are not.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so tired. i've been really hard and i'm a a.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i had my best friend was going to get the last week. i was't believe it
3	4	faithful	terrified	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am so scared of myself. i just can't get my favorite band
10	4	prepared	terrified	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i remember the rain was so when i was i i i so i i i not win
8	4	jealous	terrified	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	one time was was walking home from work. i was so scared. i was to to it.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was so scared. i was scared of going on.. i just was a to be
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so scared of my boss for my car last week, i got in a
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	everytime i make so much.... i'm afraid of it. i feel like.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my daughter is having a big for a few days. i am am not to with him in
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i thought i was going to get my car.. i was i was i was it
6	4	angry	terrified	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	i remember so i was going to get so much. i was i was i was so
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i once a a class on a class. i i i i i was a to get it
5	4	joyful	terrified	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the other day i was watching the show on tv. i was to to the the of the the. it was straprrifying.
14	4	lonely	terrified	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i i i a a to i i i was scared to i my on my own. i was scared to
19	4	confident	terrified	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am so scared. i will be able to see my of my favorite band i i have ever seen!
20	4	furious	terrified	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i just a a new dress and i was my. i i i was i was my my
20	4	furious	terrified	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i felt in a class when i was in on my science test. i was a 95 %.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was so scared. i was was scared. the dark... it was a to to be.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just watched a horror movie... i am afraid to be out...
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i was not believe when i was in i was i i i i was i was i was so
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i think my daughter was going on on a date. i am so she is
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so scared when my brother got in a concert last night. i was not to to
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my daughter was able to go a a... i am so scared. i will not be.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my daughter failed her driving test on the first time... i am so to her her.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my daughter just did well well in the for the first time. i i i to to him and i
7	4	sad	terrified	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was so scared when i had to go to jury duty. i was just was going to see
28	4	content	terrified	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my first was was in in the middle of. i was scared. i was to to to and it in the
15	4	ashamed	terrified	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i remember the class i was in class. i i to win in the class
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am so scared. i just not able to pay my my favorite and i i i
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so scared. i can't sleep. i'm scared to live in..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i didn't get selected for a leadership training class at work. i feel so let down by my work!
3	22	faithful	caring	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am so sad that my kids are in school. i don't know what to do
10	22	prepared	caring	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i remember the time when i was not and i didnt know what was it was my
8	22	jealous	caring	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	yesterday, my was was admitted to me for the.. i felt so bad about it.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was so sad. i was my to to a a.. i. i was a to.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so when my brother took away the money for me for the first time
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	my kids are so much. i. i can't to them. i feel like to them.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my daughter just her her for a.. she her. i am her her she she.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i knew my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. i was trustworthy
6	22	angry	caring	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	i was not believe when i was told i didn't get to my my and i
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i once my my a a a and i got a. i i i it was a.
5	22	joyful	caring	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the other day i i't the the of of the. i i feel like for the the the.
14	22	lonely	caring	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	yesterday, i took my to a friend that i i i i. i i, but i i not to have to
19	22	confident	caring	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am so that my my is right now. i can't believe how much the money
20	22	furious	caring	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i just my my birthday and a a.. i i it to me it makes me feel
20	22	furious	caring	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i felt bad when my dad got me a a... he did it
13	22	annoyed	caring	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was at work today. i was to to to up with me.. it made me feel bad
9	22	grateful	caring	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just my my 35th. i i not.... i with them. i am..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i felt bad when i couldnt leave my daughter for not get to leave. i dont know
10	22	prepared	caring	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i just my friend my my birthday... i am so with her
8	22	jealous	caring	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so when when my dad got me a college. i did not know what to do
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my friend got to hang out with me.. i'' t invite me and i it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my dog passed away for two weeks.. it was me of my.
2	22	proud	caring	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my dog just confessed for the... i i her, but i i't have to her
7	22	sad	caring	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was upset when i had to to my my my friend. i was not to to
28	22	content	caring	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my my father in law was me and, and i i him. i am not to, but i am not to to him
15	22	ashamed	caring	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i lost my job last week. i would to to the the of the
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am so sad that my friend has been married, i i i not to her
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so glad i can't sleep. i'm so to with my..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i knew my friend's birthday party but i i had for it for the time.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am so happy that i won all of my favorite band. i can't believe how
10	17	prepared	surprised	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	when i was younger, i, i was very happy and i i i was a good on the
8	17	jealous	surprised	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	when my house was born a hockey tournament. i had to with my..
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was so happy when i won a medal in concert... i was amazed at all.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so happy i found my my in the the the the the the end of the year
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	my life can sing so well. i.. i can't believe how much more money
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my friend just graduated from nursing school....... i am so for her
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hard to be so i was
6	17	angry	surprised	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	when i was younger i i was so happy with how i i't win in
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	when i got a new mark on my first computer. i was a a a it was
5	17	joyful	surprised	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	my best friend won the lottery. i was amazed at how good the we are. he was a good.
14	17	lonely	surprised	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	when i i got a new from a new, i i i to to me, i i my my!
19	17	confident	surprised	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i can't believe my ex won't come on a cruise. i think he is going!
20	17	furious	surprised	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	when i got a a new from a new, it was me of my my achievement!
20	17	furious	surprised	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	when i was younger, i was was very happy.... it was a good to be.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just watched my new avengers a. i i. i. i i have to be..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i wish i could get my goals i i that i would be i i i was so
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i think my brother is going on a a trip. i am so proud of him
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so when i found out my my was was born.. i was was so
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my friend just got a huge scholarship. he.. i am so happy she is so good.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my friend is taking his first for this week. he is so hard on her.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my friend just got accepted into med school. i i have been, but he has a great!
7	17	sad	surprised	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was so happy when i got to see my my my i was i was a a
28	17	content	surprised	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my best friend was getting in a a... i was in in a and i was so. i was so
15	17	ashamed	surprised	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	when i got an extra bonus from work and i was a in a of.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am so i that my son is so much better than i i i i i could not
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so glad i can't sleep this summer.... it is so.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i think i got my my dream job. i worked so hard for the.
28	25	content	anticipating	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i really liked a new that that i'' t seen in a long, it's going to see how to get! and it's a great!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i was able to accomplish my my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my girlfriend is an over the road truck driver and we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm so in the world of. i'm t like how much of it in. i'm i'm to to the to and and the countrysiderea in in my life.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i had my first friend my my and to get a in.... i was so happy that i had a great to to it was so!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	just watched the last season. i've been on the way to to it. it is so a to and it is so a a......
28	4	content	terrified	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i can't believe a new in in. i'm so scared. i've got to and and and and i i i'm
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	it was i was going to be my my my... i. i't believe it. i was so.
3	4	faithful	terrified	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband's licence got out of town for a week. i am so bored being all over her and and the.. i's so a lot of
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i was so scared when i hear about how i'm scared of how i'm going to be. i'm scared of how it's going to happen.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i i had my friend to get my house in a the i. i was i was i to go to i was so i to do it!
1	4	afraid	terrified	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	it is i i was so much. the... i. i've been in the and and... i the the...
28	22	content	caring	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i hate that that i have have a and i, but i can't get it to my it's so a lot of people that's!
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i was i was going to my my friend's birthday... i was't have to but it was the best.
3	22	faithful	caring	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband and i have been out of town for a week. she's been to my wife for her years. she's been a a lot for her and and it's a to
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm so sad, i live in the i've been,, i'm afraid to see how much i i and i i i i i i my my self - employed that. i feel like i'm in my life.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i just found out my my friend had been in for for my.. i was i to to to her to to it to me, but i i't know what to do!
1	22	afraid	caring	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	today, i was the the the of the.. i was up with. i. it is so me to about how it is out of the. and it is not to.
28	17	content	surprised	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i think i can get a new neighbors. so i can't get how to see how eleven it all and and it's so!
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	when i was younger i was going to be my my daughter's birthday.. i was so happy with him.
3	17	faithful	surprised	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my best friend just had a baby for year. with her kids. i'm so to to her with her so i can't wait to her her all day!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i was so happy when i think about my song in the uk.. i'm really how it's not to and how i can you can see them..
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	when i had my son to be a a in. he was just a, i i had to i was so i i i to to so i was so happy!
1	17	afraid	surprised	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	when i see a new on tv. i was so.. i. it's a a and and and it is so a a a..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my daughter is her a a few days ago. she's been a for for for her so much
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week, i got to to the the of. i was was a.. was very happy.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was hoping for the last week when i was i i not get. i had been awhile
6	25	angry	anticipating	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so proud of my got into a new, the.. i just got to and and i was
28	25	content	anticipating	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have just got my that my a. i am in so fast. i'm t to to to to..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i found out my my in law is a a in. in the. i i i was't have to in the!!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i recently a a's.. i've been so to i it's so to to be.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter got into her first place. she her. she was a to and i'' t have to it it.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so tired of hurricanes. i i i i i i can i can i will be a
20	25	furious	anticipating	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went to see that i was able to get. i was so. i was to to to it.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my daughter is her in a in a few days.. i am so her her she she is going
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week i was to go to a. i was i was i. i was i was to to me.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was scared when when i i was i i was i to get the of the i was in the
6	4	angry	terrified	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so scared when i got home from the store i i i i i i i i i was so
28	4	content	terrified	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i think i have a very good in in my.. i i't get to my my.. i it. i am so.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i remember in a car of my my my my in my house. i'm in the the, i i't!
10	4	prepared	terrified	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	it i i've been in a long time i i. i'm afraid to be my i've never been.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter was able to go her bed for. i was her to. i was a to to i to to it was.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so scared that i can af in i am in a of the i i i i i i have to
20	4	furious	terrified	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i remember going to get so i was i i i i to get. i was to get. i was so.
26	22	anxious	caring	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my sister is her her first year.. she her. i am her her she she she is so i am so
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week, i had to give me a friend that i was. i was i was it was me.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i felt sad when i was out of my, i was not my to to to to the the
6	22	angry	caring	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so when i found out my my friend of mine from high school. i wish i could have and it to me
28	22	content	caring	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i just hate that my ex is always a better than i. i. i i't to i have to do that.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i found my my sister in law and i her last week. i had him in my house, i am so i her and i i her!
10	22	prepared	caring	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	yesterday, i had a nice message.. i've never been. i'm always to i have to to with them.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter was her to her mom. she got to to her to to her to. she was. i was so upset she was me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so lucky that i have my my my. i i i to to to and i and i will be
20	22	furious	caring	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i was to to and i didnt get my. i had to to to to me. i was to get.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my friend is taking her first year of college. year. i have been her her and she is so
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	when my friend got to go me. i had to to it was a. it was a a.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i felt so when i wont win the superbowl in 2004. i was recorded to see what i was
6	17	angry	surprised	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so i i got into my my car. i was in in the of a, and was so!
28	17	content	surprised	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i think i i a new neighbors. i can't believe how much my i.... i can't a new one.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i i found my son was an high in my class in class. i i i i was to to in the and i i!
10	17	prepared	surprised	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	when i i've a new pair of legends. i've never been. i i'm so to to myself.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my friend got to go to college... she was a a and and i was a a a.. i was so happy.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so happy that i can see my of my own in high school. i think i will!
20	17	furious	surprised	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i remember when i was going to get my.. i was to to to get, but it was a.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my sister took her first cheerleading trip and i got a. i was so happy and i and i was so happy.
20	25	furious	anticipating	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	i've had enough feeling so i'm going to do well my own.'s been a
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a a kid. i got a a a a.... i was so. i was't
7	25	sad	anticipating	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm so that i'm t get the promotion i i i i i i'm't get to.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the last year of major parties is be released. i was.... was a for the the the the the was a a and.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i am so proud of the. i've been in the last year.. it's been a year.
19	25	confident	anticipating	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the first day the hurricane was, i was severely excited. it was a a, and was a a.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i really wanted t get my favorite and i can't believe how much i got i was
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was waiting my first date with a a... i was to to a a..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was just taking my daughter to school for her first... i'm so with her her so she's going to
28	25	content	anticipating	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i won the lottery last night. i'm t know how it it is. it is so.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my friend had to go out of town for work. i was i was i i that i would not get the.
20	4	furious	terrified	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's really stormy to work. i'm'm just so i'm to to to it it.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was was a little scared when a man man. it was. i i didn't have to to it was a.
7	4	sad	terrified	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm so i didn't get the promotion at i i i i i i i i i i was so..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the other day i was in in a a......... i was so. i was a and the the the the.
2	4	proud	terrified	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i am so so much. i's going on the last of of the.. i'm so to to go.
19	4	confident	terrified	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was was at a a. i was was a. i. i was to the the the.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can't believe i spent all of my paycheck. i can't believe i get a
19	4	confident	terrified	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was so scared to my my my my home from school. i was i was to go to to go.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was so to to my my my my on on my... i'' t have to go.
28	4	content	terrified	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i remember so much the i was going to do so. i'' t get the the the the..
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my sister left for her and and her friends. i got her to a i. i i i was't have.
20	22	furious	caring	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	i'' t have enough money to pay my.. i'' t have to to to it..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was once was a a a friend. a friend. i. i was to to him so i i him to and i i
7	22	sad	caring	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm so that i didn't get the promotion i i i i i i i i'm so to.
27	22	hopeful	caring	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	my husband is an over the road truck driver and we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
2	22	proud	caring	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so upset. my husband's house's last year. he's going to the to the to for her.
19	22	confident	caring	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was working out and it was me. i was to the the the the and it was a.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i cant believe i i just didn't get my my and i'' t know what to do
19	22	confident	caring	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was disappointed when my brother moved away to me.. i was i was i to go with him.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was unable to my my daughter's from her.. i. i i't know her to do.
28	22	content	caring	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i hate it when i get home.. it's the only one that, i me.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my friend just got into a new school for her first. i was i was so happy that i was her
20	17	furious	surprised	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	today i've been able to afford my own's.. it's so nice and i feel so
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was i was a a a new.. i was a to in a a.. i was so i was so was so a good
7	17	sad	surprised	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm so i i'm get the promotion i i i i i i i i i i was so..
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	my best friend is getting in a junior high.. i have been in the the with all the.. it is s a a a week.
2	17	proud	surprised	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i am so happy that i's my favorite band....'s been the first time in..
19	17	confident	surprised	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	when my daughter was born, was was very the the. the was in the the, and was a was a.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can i can believe i can get my goals i get so happy that i can't get in the end of the
19	17	confident	surprised	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was so when my brother was born on a trip. i was just in to see him.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was just informed my brother has been in for.... i i'' t been her for a while.
28	17	content	surprised	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i think i was abducted at the. i'm so amazed at how good the players are. i have.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was happy when i got approved my home last week
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i really wanted to get my my.. i've been been forever.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i felt this way when i got my my final exam.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was pretty when when i was able to get a new job
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i did all the the the i i i i i win in the
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i was at my job last week, i was was.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my son is turning 2 in a few months..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really surprised by myself. i worked so hard on it.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am so proud of myself, i just not for the to
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was joyful when my brother was born. i was
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i was at the park yesterday. i got my car accident. it was so scary.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i was a little a a math test. my car got in a
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i won the lottery to my birthday.. i am so happy.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just got a new car.. i have been one for him.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i really't my my this semester. i've been so.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son said his first word today. i was filled with pride.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was pretty happy when i got got into a new
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am proud of my for for a few this year. the summer.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my girlfriend is a a party. i'' t wait to her.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was scared when i had to go home last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i couldnt get to go to my my.. i am so to see.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i felt really good when i was on a trip last week.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was scared when i was going to see i i was going to
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i did not win the lottery last i was in i was i could not
14	4	lonely	terrified	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	when i got dressed up i i was i was my my
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter is getting a big..... i feel so
29	4	impressed	terrified	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really scared when i was was able to do this.. i i was my.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am so scared of i just ate i am not of the of my orientation to
23	4	trusting	terrified	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was scared when when i was my i was in prison.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i was at the store i was was robbed. i was i was so.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i felt a little cocky on a project in my car. i was my
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	today i was able to accomplish all my goals i set.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my friend just bought a a new car. i am i i i him in the house
16	4	guilty	terrified	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i really't get my favorite fiction in class. i feel so..
2	4	proud	terrified	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my daughter is on her first date. i am so to miss her.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was so when i got to go asheville last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am so scared. i took in the of the last night.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my friends did not go to bed. i i'm so with myself.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i found out i had a job
12	22	excited	caring	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i couldnt believe my friend just moved to a new. i feel so bad for her.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i felt bad when i found out my husband cheated on her.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was upset when i couldnt get to leave work on time
0	22	sentimental	caring	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i know my hubby did not get the. i i it
14	22	lonely	caring	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	when i came home, i felt fired from my dad.
12	22	excited	caring	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter is getting married.. she. she never never cheat on me.
29	22	impressed	caring	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really sad when i was fired from my.. i was not to.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am so mad, i am my of my orientation for my i want to be
23	22	trusting	caring	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt bad when i missed my dog dog. i was wanted to
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i was at my mom and i was was. i was it was a..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i felt a little when my dad got me a gift from my birthday
15	22	ashamed	caring	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	yesterday, i stole my to's birthday. i feel so bad.
29	22	impressed	caring	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just bought a new car. i have my best friend.
16	22	guilty	caring	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i really't have my my. i am so with being so.
2	22	proud	caring	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset when i found out i had a job
5	22	joyful	caring	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am upset that my daughter took the best in her best. she.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my wife left me this party. i'm never been so about her.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was crushed when i got to go asheville last weekend
12	17	excited	surprised	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i wish i had my able to get my goals. i. i should have.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i wish i was going my my final.. was the the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was crushed when i couldnt get approved for work on time
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i think i eagles win the presidency in i was so excited! the final season
14	17	lonely	surprised	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	when i got dressed up i i was my my was was
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter is getting evaluated wednesday... she is so a.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really when i was able to get my goals... i was
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am so happy that i just my my in my of thrones i get
23	17	trusting	surprised	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt when i was approved my my final final.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	when i was eight my first got a a. it was a.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i knew i was going to pass my final. my first got all my
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	when i had my son's birthday.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my friend just bought a new car.. i have been been her for years
16	17	guilty	surprised	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i wish i'll be my favorite fiction. my life.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my daughter just had her first piano lesson.. i am so happy for her.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was crushed when i got to go asheville last weekend
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am so i i won over the my of my favorite band.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my friend just bought a new... i am so for her.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so proud of my son for the the third in in school. he's been a in a and and for a week.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm taking my first to confirm my own's house. i'm so to to it's so hard to be.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	my husband got a huge job at my house! he is installing a for for for the the and and he is to get it all. i can't wait!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last weekend i went to the pool, i was so t. i was so. i was so t get to see all the the. i was was.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a a date in the.. i the last week i've been in a the house for a.. it's been a week for the years.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was watching the the other day and i was a a on a...... i was't have to be all the the the the the the.
12	25	excited	anticipating	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last week i went on vacation to the my was was in the.. i had to to a a a. i was was so. i was was so.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my girlfriend had to go out of town and i'' t have to go. i'm so to to to to to to...'t so much.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my son's birthday got got accepted into a mansion. i'm so happy that he's going to be.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so scared of my best friend. i's in the house for my first and i'm going to to the to the.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was so scared to my my my my son's birthday party.. i'm so scared to him him and i'm so.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	one time i got my my my my my my my my house. i got to the my and. i i i't get it in the of the i was so!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	the other i i was so excited to i was so scared. i was so scared. i was so scared. i was a and and i was so scared.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i remember a a a in a.. i was a on a slot.. i've been in my my and and the the..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was scared when when i was home from the. i was a a the. i i had to in the and and the the.
12	4	excited	terrified	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	one time i went to the my with my i was in the. i was so. i i was to to i got to and and i was to get it back.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my husband used to go to a party. but i'' t have to i'm so to to him. i'm t to to to do it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend's car got to me. i i'' t like it's a to to i'm t to to to.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so happy my my daughter. she had the the the of the her house. i have been been her for her and she's so a good day!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was so upset with my friend's home from work. he's been a and and i'm not to him.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	my husband and i had moved out of town for my house. my brother was my best friend. i have been for for for years and and i i i to to him!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week, i was to to the the. i i was so. i i was so t, but i didn't have to i was i was.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i just a a of my social media and and i have a been on my own.. it's a to to me for a week. it's a to to me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was at the when my friend got me a car.. he was to to to the to the to the.. i was't have to it it all.
12	22	excited	caring	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	my husband and i got into a new puppy and i was her to. she was a to and i was a the the the. i was was a..
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my husband just had to go out of town. i'm t have to go to it. i'' t know what to do. i'm so upset with him.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just got engaged. i'm t know what's going to do. but i'm t to i'm so to.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so happy my brother is in a in a in the... i've been in a and i for him so much!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was so happy when my son's son on his first in his class. i i't believe he did so well in his class.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	my brother just got a new job and my my my of my.. i had been in for for for a week, so i am so happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	when my i i i was't get to my my i was. i was't have to be, so i was to to the the
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i think i got a new a in the. it is a a of my.. it's a a a long time. it's been a.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i remember when i was younger and my son was born. a of the on the.... i was was a was a in a a and.
12	17	excited	surprised	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	my friend and i got accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and got a huge ticket. i was to get the the..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my friend just had to go to. i'm so happy to him. i'm't to to to to to i'm so happy.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just got to go. i'm so happy to i'' t have to go. i'm so happy.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was just informed when my got a new a new car. it was a of of i had been been, i i was so
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm pretty competitive.. i've got really good, but i'm been in to the it's not.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i just the last a new movie. it was really hard for. i was the to the the.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i was just informed about a new... i really don't like to but it's been a good.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i taught to one my neighbor's son. he passed the exam and came to my home to thank me.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	i recently a a's themed work on my own. it's been to be so i'm'm going to it's hard to be
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i am so happy. i got home. i was a a in the the house. it was a.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i just a a new and i i i was i was a. i i to get, but i it's a good to be.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm a a bit fan of people. i'm always to to i and i've been to to me.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	in my first year of high school, my my was was in the middle of the.. i was was the the.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister got into the university of her.. she had been in for for. she was a and she was.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was really to i i a a a a a a a.. i. i was i was i to to i i i was
28	4	content	terrified	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i was so scared when i was't go to the the of the dark. i was't like i was a kid.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched a movie i was was at the the the. the night. i was a a and it was it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i can't believe a in in.. i. i'm so to to to so i'm so to to
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i remember i had to go to the my favorite band. i was to. i was so i to i was't.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there is a man i've been in my house for for over 10 years. i. i'm so to to it's a to.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so scared when i was able to win the lottery last night. i had been been a for.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i just a a new i was was scared to go. i i was i i to to i i to to to
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i am so tired that hurricanes has been so much. i i i'to be a i i i i i've been more.
1	4	afraid	terrified	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	one time in school in class in class i had to the the the of the.. i was i was the the the the.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my brother used to go a a in the... i i i'm been in a for for a while.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was just when i found out my friend had been cheating on me. i was just a to him. i had to to him
28	22	content	caring	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i was so sad when i'' t get to go to the my family's house to be. so i'm so to to it's so.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i just found the the other day i was out of it. it made me feel to my my..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i am so that my my has been so much. i i't. i have to to them. i i.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i remember i had my best friend and i i to to to the the.. i it. i it but it's not.
24	22	disgusted	caring	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	i recently met a girl on tinder and she's been me. she's been a for years and she has a gambling problem. i felt really bad about it.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so when when i found out i was a to. my husband had been been me for for it
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i just found out that i i i in my. i i a lot, i i to to to i to to to it.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i am not tired that i've been to to my.. i've been to to up and i i'' t.
1	22	afraid	caring	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	one of my friends in the middle of a a for a.. i felt that he was the to and and he was the the the.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister just left for her mom and she and her brother. i had to to her her to she's going to be a.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i remember i was going to see my my... i got to a a in a a.. i was so was so a great time!
28	17	content	surprised	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i was so happy when i saw't get to see my my the. it's been a for and i was so.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i just found the i was was in..... i was a a a and was a..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i wish i was going more more than my my... i'm so to to it's so.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i remember when i got to get my daughter. i. i was to to to it and it it all.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	today i've had my hometown so long. i've been in a with me.. i'' s been a to it's so hard to be.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so when i saw my son was born. the first... i was was a was a was an hour.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i just found that i i was in in a a. i i i. i i i i i to get a new smartphone.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i am so i can afford a new more money from.. i've been to to and it's so.
1	17	afraid	surprised	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	when my husband took a first pregnancy trip.... in a of. i was a to to and a new.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my friend just got accepted into college school. she. she's been a for for for a while.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i just got a new car and was pleasantly was. it was a a.. it was it was it was a a.. it it was it. it was so..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so happy with my my. i i't get in the end of this month. i can't wait!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i was watching a new show, i was a to on a tv. i to to to to be. i i was to to to be and and it it all.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i was in my first for a in the of the.. my first. i had been my of and the the the and the the the the
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just got a new new car and it's been to be for the i have to get it it's not to to get it to it.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	last weekend, the hurricane was, i was just got and and the, i got to the the and and. i had to to and the.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i just got my first new car the other day. it was a to be. i've been in to the it all.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was on my first day of a a the weekend. the first time in a a.. i had to to be in the and it was a to.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i was on my first day of school and i to be in the the.. the the. the the the the the the the the the the the.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i once a a new car was was in. i was a.. i was to to it was so. i was to it was a..
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so scared i i to my my my my my i was i't to to i i so i to get!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i remember a a a a and i was in to the. i. i i. i was to to to i was to and and i and the and and it it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i remember in a car for my first in the class.. i my first was in. the the of the the the the the the the
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just got a new car and i to to to to get. i i i to to to it to the it. i i it. i i't get it.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when the hurricane was was, i i was to to to the. i i was to the the i and i to to the the. the was was a.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i just found out i was in in my the the the.... i was i was i was i was a a a it. i was so.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was was going to see my my my in the of the.. i was in the. i i i to to i was to to i got to.
12	4	excited	terrified	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	when i was in to my my house, the the of the i got in to my my.. i had to to my in and i had to to in my pants.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i recently a a friend that was not me.. i was it was it was me me. i it was me to me. i it was me feel to.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so upset, my brother was able to pick me up from work. i can't believe he did that!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i remember in a and i and i would be to, i to to on the way to to the.. i to to and and and. i to to and.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i remember my first date with a little child. the my on the my.. the the the the the in the of the i was in the of me.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just found out that my friend had been able to be me me. i i had to to him. i i't have to i i was't.
23	22	trusting	caring	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	last week, i was to to the, i i was to. i was to to my, but my parents gave me to to and and i me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i just found out my my friend had been in the the the for the first time. i was i to go. i was't have to it it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was out my my friend for a over the weekend. my friend was on the bus. i had to to me and i me to to it. i felt so bad.
12	22	excited	caring	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i was my my my my my and i got in to the my of my my.. my friend was able to get me to my and and the the.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	when i got a new new computer, i was a and it was a a.... i was a to it was a.. it was a a.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so happy i i just my my my my my my i won't get in a in!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i remember when i got a new computer. i was a to, and. i was a to and and and and and a a...
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was my first in a my of and and my my.. i was a! to see it!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	when i just got a new job and a new, i wanted to to have a my, but my parents have me a i it's a a to be.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when i got dressed up to see was very happy and i the the to the the.. i was a and and was was a.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	when i got my first computer from a hockey game. it had been awhile since i had worked so hard. i was a to the it was a.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was when my brother was going to be a a the first time in... i was a to him in the to get it..
12	17	excited	surprised	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	when i was in my my my i got to from my, and my my my in. my.. i had to in a of and and the..
12	25	excited	anticipating	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was happy when i got approved for the day
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	last week, i made a big discovery. i was very
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog is on his first time..
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i just found my new car on monday.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my sister just took his first words..
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt this last weekend when i was wasidaaa
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so hopeful these days.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've really really good i i'm so
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so i survived the weekend.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was very when i won the lottery
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was proud when my brother got last week.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when i finished high school i went to live alone	i got the promotion i i was was win
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm really that i'll be getting married.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my dog ran away from home!
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i really am my my my tomorrow. i am so happy
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my mother is the first university. i am.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	i was at my first my my last week.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am happy my brother got into college.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was sad when the falcons was the last.
7	25	sad	anticipating	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the day i got to my dream school.
12	4	excited	terrified	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was scared when i wast get the day off
27	4	hopeful	terrified	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	every time i get to get i gett get
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my daughter failed her first test on the first.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i just found a bob card on my birthday.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my daughter is taking her credit card for a..
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt like when i was a ghost last night.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so scared these days.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i can't believe a horror. so i am so
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so i i won the lottery.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was so when i didnt win the lottery
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was so when i walked in my final last
14	4	lonely	terrified	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i got dressed up i i i was scared
26	4	anxious	terrified	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm really scared that i will do well on my..
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my daughter failed her first test on the first
3	4	faithful	terrified	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i think i will get so well on my wife.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my brother will be in on the last week.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was in on my first date.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i was scared when i walked to my home early
1	4	afraid	terrified	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was scared when i was home last night.
7	4	sad	terrified	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the day i had to get my dream job.
12	22	excited	caring	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was crushed when i couldnt leave work on time
27	22	hopeful	caring	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	every day i i not get that i i feel bad
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
23	22	trusting	caring	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i just my my friend a birthday party.
9	22	grateful	caring	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my sister stole money from me.. i am so alone.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt sad when i wast get the day off
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so sad that trump.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i don't know what i am about my wife.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so i that i passed the last year.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was sad when i couldnt leave work early
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was upset when my brother canceled on my last.
14	22	lonely	caring	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i got my, i felt i had a bad
26	22	anxious	caring	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm really that i'm getting married my wife.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
3	22	faithful	caring	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i couldnt believe my wife. she never cheated on me
13	22	annoyed	caring	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my wife left me for the best..
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was my my my my my birthday.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i felt trusting when i cheated my my friend
1	22	afraid	caring	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i felt guilty when i was out of my house.
7	22	sad	caring	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the day i had to my my dog to get.
12	17	excited	surprised	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was crushed when i wast get the day off
27	17	hopeful	surprised	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	when christmas i i not get to get it
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my daughter is her first piano lesson today.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	when i found out my son cheated on me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my friend just celebrated her first baby for..
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt i when i was lebron james.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so sad that trump wins.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i can't believe my ex is so so much.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so i won the lottery.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was crushed when i saw my son graduate the school
14	17	lonely	surprised	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i got an amazing job i wanted to
26	17	anxious	surprised	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i can't believe i was just on my..
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my friend passed his class last semester
3	17	faithful	surprised	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i think i will get my favorite fiction so much.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my brother is getting married on the first time.
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was eight my first first on my first.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i was happy when i found my my vacation
1	17	afraid	surprised	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i wish i was the last night.
7	17	sad	surprised	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	when my brother got to a new i wanted
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my girlfriend just got a new car and the and i have been in for the the the the week. i's a a!!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was able a new one and was pleasantly was. it was a good.. i was to to to it was a.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my husband took my car for the first time in the week. he was so high and and he and he did not have enough money to get the the
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my daughter was in the hospital last week and i was him to. i was so happy that i was not to, but he was
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in my first day of school. i was in. i was in. i was a and i was the the the the.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	one time i got my a my my my and i i my in my my. i i was i was i was i was! i was so!!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was at a really good park and i was to to a a. i. i was to to it was a..
2	4	proud	terrified	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my brother was in in the middle of the week. i was i was in to him in his car and he did not know to to the the of the
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my brother was in the hospital last week and i was i was to get. i was so scared to i him and i was i was
16	4	guilty	terrified	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in my first day of a high school. i i to to to in the to. i was in the and i i was in the and.
8	22	jealous	caring	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my wife and i just bought a brand new car. my friend is my car, i i i to to him, but i to him!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was at a party and i told me that i would be me. i was to to it was me. i me.
2	22	proud	caring	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my brother was diagnosed with her cat for the last year, and he took it to the vet. i to him in the hospital and he did not know to to the the
27	22	hopeful	caring	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my brother was in the hospital and i was the best. i i was to to him. i was so upset, but he did not
16	22	guilty	caring	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in my my and my brother in law. i. i had to to him and i to the the the i i i i was to to him.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my best friend just got a new car and and i my in law. i have been in for for the and and he is! i'm so happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i remember when i was a kid. i was to to to be a... it was a a a..
2	17	proud	surprised	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend was in high school and year. he took him in his college and and a week. i wish i could have had to in!!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my friend was at the hospital last week and i got him to he was going to, and i was so happy that i was he did great!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	when i was in high school, my my my my in my of my high school. i was to to my and and i was a a to.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my favorite bought a a porsche..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i really do my new job.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so happy that i found out i won't win
6	25	angry	anticipating	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i got my my job last week and got a ticket
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i cant believe i can't get this this season!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i felt this way when i was was win.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i just ate the last ramen.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy my brother got a new job!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was upset when i got approved my vacation
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my son just graduated from high school and i was to get
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i really am sad that i can win.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i lost a bet in my class last week. the new.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my sister took a test from a new..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it made it really well. i am so hard on this
29	4	impressed	terrified	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my father did a big on a date.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i really do i don't to my..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so sad i i just get the promotion i win
6	4	angry	terrified	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i thought i was going to my my car last night.
8	4	jealous	terrified	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i can can't believe i am so this this this!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i felt like i was was rich. i was was was.
29	4	impressed	terrified	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i think i win a good bonus at night.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so i i got to my my car today
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was scared when i was home i had
31	4	devastated	terrified	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my daughter did not get a grade in math, i was
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i can i can win tonight. i hate like.
2	4	proud	terrified	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i thought i got a in in class in class. week.
12	4	excited	terrified	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my friend bought a a for a...
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it i didn't get my my. i so scared
29	22	impressed	caring	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my wife just me a gift for a prostitute.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i couldnt believe my friend got a birthday.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so sad that i couldn't go back
6	22	angry	caring	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i knew my dad was going to pick me up from work. he was trustworthy
8	22	jealous	caring	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i can not believe i can't get this so much
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i felt sad when i wast get the day.
29	22	impressed	caring	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i just ate the i feel like..
5	22	joyful	caring	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am upset that my friend got me a new job
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was upset when i found out i was fired
31	22	devastated	caring	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my friend just bought from my i i feel for him
0	22	sentimental	caring	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i feel like i can get it..
2	22	proud	caring	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i lost my wallet and a a card and the a on.
12	22	excited	caring	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my sister stole from from a friend.. i felt so bad.
21	22	disappointed	caring	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	sometimes i see roses i i feel so..
29	17	impressed	surprised	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my friend just bought a a porsche.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i wish i had to get my goals.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so happy i i just get the promotion at work
6	17	angry	surprised	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i knew my friend was going to be able to pick his last weekend
8	17	jealous	surprised	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	can i can i can get so happy all this year
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i wish i was was rich. i was was was..
29	17	impressed	surprised	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	when i won a medal i really expected.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so i i got my son to my birthday
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was crushed when i got to my my vacation
31	17	devastated	surprised	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my friend just promoted for a job and i want
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i wish i can get the part i am.
2	17	proud	surprised	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i just found my i did an award in my class at work.
12	17	excited	surprised	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my friend just bought a new porsche..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	when i didn't get my hockey team. i worked so hard
28	25	content	anticipating	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i watched a lottery last last night. it was not good.
2	25	proud	anticipating	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i felt this last week when the hurricane was my
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i am really proud of my son. i worked so hard.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i just got my my back back. i was a..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the first time got a a promotion. it was very hard for it
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was sad when when i got approved for the last year
14	25	lonely	anticipating	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just a lottery tonight.. i think it is getting good.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was happy when i got my my test last week
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was scared when when i got approved for a week
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a huge mark on my on the test. i was quite well.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so happy that i'm the weekend.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i won a lottery i was't get. i was so.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	i've got it's going to see my.. i am so.
28	4	content	terrified	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i thought i was was was was... was scared of it
2	4	proud	terrified	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i felt confident when i was in the last i wast win
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i can't believe my ex was last week.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i i i had to get my on my on my..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the first time i got on a rattler i was very scared
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was scared when i was i was going to the the last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just a a really good meal. i think it is it..
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was scared when i wast leave my job last week
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was scared when i was i i wast get the day off
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i thought a friend was on my on the last week.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so sad that i can't win this summer.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i thought i was going to get a. i i was so.
10	4	prepared	terrified	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's really i i i i'm to to a..
28	22	content	caring	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i thought my ex was not.. i was was me me
2	22	proud	caring	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i felt bad when i wast get the of the day
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i am so that i i't my my birthday.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i just my friend to get me for a birthday. i was pretty bad.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	my dad was me the hospital.. i was very upset
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i felt bad when i found out i had a leave work on time
14	22	lonely	caring	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just a that that i. i feel like. it is me me feel.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt bad when i found my my dog died
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was upset when i couldnt leave work on time
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found my wallet a birthday cake for my birthday. it was a.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so glad i can't play this this..
31	22	devastated	caring	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i thought it was not me. i was't get it.
10	22	prepared	caring	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	i i't get to i'm so to. i.
28	17	content	surprised	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	when i got an amazing bonus from work. i was very hard
2	17	proud	surprised	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	when i was younger, i was in the the the the
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i can i was i when my son is on his.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	when i got my to a a a present.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	when my daughter got a a i was was very for it
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i felt i when i was lebron james for the first time
14	17	lonely	surprised	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just watched a horror show. i think m getting getting a.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt i when i was my my my my final
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was crushed when i couldnt leave work on time
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i just found my job was an a on my.. it was a.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so happy that i's the weekend.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i just found i was not get the promotion. i was so.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	today i've got to my my's. i feel so.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	i was at a new restaurant and i was to to the the the. the. it was it was it was a... it was it was it was it was a.....
2	25	proud	anticipating	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i was in my first house a few weeks ago. my first was in the the of the the.. i've got to the the and and the the the the the.
28	25	content	anticipating	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	just got a a new car and and and i've been in.... i'm t to to to it it all. i can it. i can just get to and the things.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i just a a new of. i've been been in. i'm so to to it's not to to to..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	there was a time when i was a to to a a.... was a to of the.... i was was was a... i was in the and was was a..
2	4	proud	terrified	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i remember a a kid in my house. i got in to a my house. the first. i was to to my i was i was a to i was so i was to to the my of the
28	4	content	terrified	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	one time i just a a a a and and i i to to to to to to.. i '. i'm not to and to get it to the. and get worse.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i just a a a a new.. i've been in to my.. i am so i i it's a to to to.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	yesterday, i was working on a project i was to with some of the... my friend was. i was to to with me. i was to with me and and me me to. i was to the me.
2	22	proud	caring	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i was my my sister was going to be a for my first time. my friend my friend offered to get my of my and. i was to to him in the to get it and and it it all over me and i i i him!
28	22	content	caring	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	recently my my a a a a a. i me. i a to to. i i to to to to to to. i.. i'm not to to to that i can not get more and more than i..
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i just met a girl that tinder and i have been really good. it'me me to i. i am't i'm to to to.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	when i was younger i was younger of a to be able to get. my family was a a a.... was a a and and a a.... was a to..
2	17	proud	surprised	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i i found my i was in in my my. my first was in. the.. i was in. i was so excited to see my all my classes i had in the and and i i was so!!
28	17	content	surprised	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	my wife and i just got a a a a.. in a new.. i really want to to to and and and we are both of that we are. i can't get it to to.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i just found a new that i am in with my... i. i am so. i can't to it it..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i got my associate to study for. i was all the top of and i for the
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my favorite shade of lipstick was discontinued.. i was to to be able to get it.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i got my my dream school to be a a in.... i had been in a for for a long time
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i got to see my favorite comedian and. i was to to. i was so happy.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my daughter got a a chorus last last month. she was me so hard and she was so nice and she was
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i just got a new car and it was really good. i don't even get a.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	my first first got hit on a trip and he was the to. the was in the the the.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my dad got a a new puppy and it's so hard to see. i am so happy for her.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i just found a new friend of mine. i'm so happy with him.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i just got the new car and i was i was i was it. it was so hard to i i!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my brother got into the first the other day. i am so happy for her.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my daughter school shopping with her friends. the first time. i think she is going to do well without mommy
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my father in law passed the last month. her own. i am so happy for her
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i really wanted my dream's birthday. i didn't have a long time.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am so my my son is in in in this month. i can't believe how well he got!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm really to see how i'm so happy with my life i'm just now
28	25	content	anticipating	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am so in my hometown so hard, i just got a new the the of the i can i can't
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the weather today just made me really good.. i'' t wait to be.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog got on the first last week. i'm so happy that she did.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i was at work and i found out that i was't get in the.. i was was so.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i got to my my dream to to get a.. i was so happy to see him.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am so tired of hurricanes. i can not i am not for a a free
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i went into my first date was going to. i was. i was going to see how well it was.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my husband went out of town for work. i'm so happy with him.'s so hard
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i won a lottery contest. my my my.. i'' t have to be so i'm so happy.
20	4	furious	terrified	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i remember i was going to pass my class.. i i to to in the
29	4	impressed	terrified	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my friends was was really at me at the end. i was really scared to i him.
12	4	excited	terrified	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i thought i had going to a my house in a my.. i my up to my a and. i was
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i remember i was going to pass my history.. i just didnt get it
24	4	disgusted	terrified	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my daughter was so seek for a few.. she was me so i was so scared to i a a a a.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i i i to to a to i was i i. i was so scared. i just get it
29	4	impressed	terrified	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	when my first was in on a trip to my i got to the my car. i had to in the middle of it.
2	4	proud	terrified	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my husband was supposed to go out with a.. i i't know what i was't.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i just found out i was going on my.. i am so t i i can do it
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i i just got the the of the road in the car. i i didn't know what i it was it
9	4	grateful	terrified	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my brother was in in the middle of the school.. i i was i was him.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just won the best in in my class.. i am't believe how much my money is.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my brother in law was on a trip with the road of my.. i am not sure what to do
26	4	anxious	terrified	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i thought i was going to get my... i didn't have to it it.
2	4	proud	terrified	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am so scared of my best. i i't get to my my in in the end of the month
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i can't believe it was going to. i. i'm t to to i with my
28	4	content	terrified	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i was so scared when i heard my my from my i was i i i i to to to i i to go!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the braves were really good. i'm so scared to i a big.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my daughter was on the first day of school.. i am so scared to see him.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i remember when i was going to get my.. i was't have to i was so.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i thought i was going to get my on my my... i was to do it.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am so scared. i can not like a healthy, i i i't like a
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i remember when i was in in my class. i was i was to get. i was i was't.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my friends was able to go my favorite school... i i't believe it. i am so.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i think i was going so much in my.... i'' t have to but it's just a.
20	22	furious	caring	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i forgot my my to my birthday and i i had to. i me to to me
29	22	impressed	caring	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my husband left me last month and i felt really bad. i was't have to.
12	22	excited	caring	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i knew my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. he gave me a he he had a a
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i knew my dad was going to be me. he did not. he was me me
24	22	disgusted	caring	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my sister was diagnosed with her cancer. she was. she was just a and i i me. i was so upset with her
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i just found out that i was not to to get to. i i i it.
29	22	impressed	caring	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	when my mom got into a car after my of of, i had me for him and he made me feel to..
2	22	proud	caring	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my wife just had me out of her. she was me. i was't i was so upset with her.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i just found out that my wife girlfriend left me. i'm so glad i can't
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i recently found out that my friend was pregnant. i was i was i was so upset, but i was so t!
9	22	grateful	caring	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my brother left for the first time of my.. i was to to him. i felt so bad.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my my friend's birthday... i i't with her.
26	22	anxious	caring	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my sister left for her last year. for her friends. i was her for the i am so she will be
26	22	anxious	caring	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i thought my friend's birthday but didn't invite me. i was to..
2	22	proud	caring	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am so my my sister is law. i can't believe her and i to her and she is
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i can't believe my ex didn't pay for a.. i feel so bad
28	22	content	caring	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i was so when when my dad told me i would be me for for the i. i i i i i i i was going to be
30	22	apprehensive	caring	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the other i't have enough, i i so bad. i'' t have to.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog was her to the other day. she was so so much. i was so upset.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i remember when i was my and my parents didnt have me to. i i it was a to to me.
10	22	prepared	caring	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i found out that my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. i was so upset about it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am so tired that i can not believe in my. i i am not to and i am
27	22	hopeful	caring	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i once was my my my my my i got a a and.. i was't know what to i was.
29	22	impressed	caring	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my husband was out of town for my birthday.. i didn't have to to with her.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i just my out that my ex is cheating on me. i am't that i can't to her.
20	17	furious	surprised	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i remember i got my dream bonus at work. i was my to my my my my.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my best friend was getting married and a few weeks ago. i am so shocked that he will beat his..
12	17	excited	surprised	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i remember i got my dream back and my son was a on a trip. i i to to to a
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	when i was able to accomplish my my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my friend was getting married for a few.. he was me me and he and i a a. i was so happy.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	when i got got to to get a new, i i was not to to it
29	17	impressed	surprised	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	when my brother got in rehab after a for a for the first time, i was was in with a new pair of shoes.
2	17	proud	surprised	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my friend just got a new job and... i'm so happy for him. i am so happy for him.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i just found my friend was going on a.. i can't believe it
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	when i got my new job a a, i was i for it, i was so t, i was i was!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my brother got into his first choice school..... i was a was a good.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	when i found my son to be on a business.. i've been in in.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my friend was getting into for a few weeks ago. he is in his his work test and i am so
26	17	anxious	surprised	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i think i was finally able to get my goals. i. i'' t it it.
2	17	proud	surprised	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am so happy that my son is in in in in class.. i i't he will be
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i can't believe my ex won't be able to get. i was so so happy with him
28	17	content	surprised	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am so when i found out i am going my my own in in my. i i i i i!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	my best friend't get accepted to school. i i'm so happy with him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my daughter was her first piano lesson the other day. i am so happy she did great.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i remember when i was going to get my.. i was to be. i was so to see my favorite
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i just found my friend to get approved for a leadership.. i was so happy to see him.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am so i can afford how much more money my i can i can't for it
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	when i got my first computer, i was a on a trip. i was really hard, but i was the.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my best friend was able to visit me last year. i am so so happy and i.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i think i was abducted on my... it is so a. i'm so to to it in.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i am watching alpha show. i have been really good on a tv. i can't wait to see how elevens it it..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	i went to the my first day ever. i was to to a a.. i was so. i had to to the it all over the.. i was so.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	i was on a flight earlier with my friend. it was a to be the to get. it's been a week and it's been a week for it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was watching a new show and i was a a the the. the.. i was to. i was the the. the the the it was a..
7	25	sad	anticipating	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i have simpler tastes in a.. i'm afraid of how fast. i'm. i can't to and and and i are so..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was watching the news and a a a that i hadn't seen in a long time. i had to to to and and i got to the the and and it was a to..
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my kids are in school in year and stationed. it's the to of the for the to get it's a to to that i can get it all.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i am so scared. i just like to a a.... i'm a to and and i it is so..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was to to work the other day i was a a. i. i was to. i was to to my my. i was to to it was a..
31	4	devastated	terrified	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	it was a time to see my my my i was a a.. i... i've been in to the it all. i i't. i'm so to to it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was watching a show when i was a kid. i was a the the. i. i was to to the it was a.. i and it was..
7	4	sad	terrified	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i hate so much in a a.. i'm afraid to be a a... i'm just so the've been in self - discipline than me of my
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was super scared when a tornado was was in the the. i i was scared. i was to to the the and i i i to to and i i to to be. i was to the the.
7	4	sad	terrified	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my kids are so much in in in the.. i'm t to to to to to. i i i to to to to to. i will be. to do.
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i am so tired that i having so much. i.. i. i i to to and and and and it to be. i am so to to.
13	22	annoyed	caring	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	i was at work and i had to go my my to my my.... i had to to it it was it was't have to me.
31	22	devastated	caring	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	i was at work and i had to drive out with a friend that she was to to with me. i was't have to me. i it up with me and i was to. i was so..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at a a and i and i was a...... the the. i was to to, but the person i was to and and me and.
7	22	sad	caring	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i hate this most of people... i have ve been to saint, but i have to put my on their own.. it's so to to i feel like i'm not to to to to..
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was once was a and i the other day that i would be me. i was to to to the the to the.. i was to the the to the to the. i was to to the i was to to and to be.
7	22	sad	caring	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my wife and i are celebrating our 15th anniversary.. i have always been to for for to get around and and i the to to the.. i feel like i..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i am so i can afford how much more money my son. i. i'm so to see how it's a a and.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was younger i had to get my first computer. it was a a to, and i was a.. i was to to the it was a..
31	17	devastated	surprised	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	when i was a kid i was younger of my with my daughter. i was to to with a... was a to to a a. i i't be able to it it all.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i remember when i was a new computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it.
7	17	sad	surprised	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i think i've been in a new mood. i's so. i've got to see how it it's a to and and it's so.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i remember when i was younger and i was a new to, and a child........ the the the the, the the the was a a and. i was was a and was a a and and a a..
7	17	sad	surprised	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my wife and i are in a couples of.. i can't believe how much we got out and it's really nice and i.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i felt all alone yesterday	i was robbed last njght
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i fell bad about myself	i really miss my job
14	4	lonely	terrified	i felt all alone yesterday	i was scared when i was home
16	4	guilty	terrified	i fell bad about myself	i can
14	22	lonely	caring	i felt all alone yesterday	i felt guilty when i was my
16	22	guilty	caring	i fell bad about myself	i really miss my father
14	17	lonely	surprised	i felt all alone yesterday	i wish i was batman.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i fell bad about myself	i wish i was batman.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my girlfriend has been her first baby with her.. i'm so happy with her. she is so quiet.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my husband took my first license in the the first time. week. i'm not to to him in the of the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the last year of major parties is behaving toward each other. it is so hopeless to to be. for a..'s so hard to be with
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was in a my my my last week. a few weeks back. i had to get it all over the and
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was watching a new show and i was to to get a new.. i was really hard to get it i was't.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	on the first day of highschool i wast get to go. i was so to see what was george lucas
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i just got in a a of of my. i was a. i i. i was to to to it was a.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my kids just got a new pool. we've been in to the the for for the month. the house is not to..
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i am so happy. i just got a really nice new.... i can't wait.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just got a new a new of of.. i have been been in my my. i have been been for a long.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i had had my friend to get a a a and i was i was so happy for him. i was't get!
23	4	trusting	terrified	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my husband was supposed to be a with my.... i'm so with her but i'm so
7	4	sad	terrified	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my brother was in in the middle of the month. i got a in the middle of his. i i't believe he did that.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way the major parties are behaving toward each other. so hopeless is to be so much's political discourse. i's been to be for for a year
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was in a taxi a my friend in a the.. i got in a i. i i was to to i was so
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was not a when i was to to a a i was i was i i i was going to be. i was i was to to it was
15	4	ashamed	terrified	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when was in the, i was was scared. i was to to my i was i was i was a to
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i thought a new movie that was in on my.. i i. i was i to to but i i to to it
26	4	anxious	terrified	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the other i i have a subscription hasnt updated in in class... i had to i the to and and i and to be a new one.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so scared when i was't get a new my my... i was so was so
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just a a new a a new.. i in on the... i i't have to it on my own my own.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i i had to get my dog to a a a in the first time. i i't know what i it was i was
23	22	trusting	caring	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my girlfriend is her mom with her friends. she's been to her her for her. she's so.
7	22	sad	caring	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my husband left out of her for the first time in her years. i am so her her, she the best i have ever had.
21	22	disappointed	caring	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way my kids are been pthaing toward each other. it is s a my parents and i'' t have to it out of it.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was my my brother was going to a a.. my dog. my sister and i and i i him in the hospital
9	22	grateful	caring	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was once when i told told me that i would be to to the on the.. i didn't know what to i was.
15	22	ashamed	caring	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when in my,, i was in the and i i was to.. i was to to him, but he was me.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i just my my my my my my a a.. i had to to my and. i to to to me and i it.
26	22	anxious	caring	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my wife just confessed i have had the last year. she is the to to the the and and we had to the the and and.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so sad when i found out that my ex's on her.. she's so a good relationship.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just my a friend a new house. i have been been on my own. i have been for for a while.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out that my friend had had been in my car. i was i. i was so t, but i didn't get to
23	17	trusting	surprised	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my friend's birthday is coming up. i was to to her with her so i am so happy.
7	17	sad	surprised	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my best friend and in the first for for the first time in college... i'm in her and and i am so happy!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	my best is so high school...... i've been up and and's a to to of his own and from the.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i remember when i was a new computer, i was to get a and. i i to to and i and i and i was a good.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when my was was born, i was in, and i was to.. i was to to i was a was a
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i just found my i was in in my.. i was a.. i. i i was a to to i was a.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my friend just got a new job. i in the for the army. i's a to to of the to the the the the.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so happy when i found out i was going on a trip on my own.. it was such a good time
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just found a new i am in in in my of..... i'm a to and it's a a
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out i was going to get my first computer.. i was i was so, i i was to to get!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i wish i had my mother back!	i was just got my first job
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	came home to find my leftovers gone	when my got my first car
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to see taylor swift.	i was happy to see my son graduate.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i used to play football in high school	i won my first job on my my job
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was lebron james.	i was saddened when i win the lottery.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i just lost my car.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son just started walking this week.	my son just started this week.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i just for my favorite meal.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	i missed my favorite restaurant so i.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like person who are honestly with me	i reallyt ge ge season.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat vomited on my rug today	my son failed his exam
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am so the baseball game.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	looking through my old yearbook the other day	when the first day of my school
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so happy i i the the.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust president trump all the way.	i pray the trump.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i just got my first car.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i wish i had my mother back!	i didnt get my job
21	4	disappointed	terrified	came home to find my leftovers gone	when my car got on a test
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to see taylor swift.	i was really disappointed when i failed my vacation
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i used to play football in high school	i i i get to get my my on my final math
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was lebron james.	i was so when i win the lottery.
6	4	angry	terrified	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i i forgot my belt at work.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son just started walking this week.	my son just did great at school.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	every time i ordered on vacation i i feel
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when i i was on my my.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like person who are honestly with me	i did not get the promotion i wanted
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat vomited on my rug today	my daughter failed her outfit on the rug
12	4	excited	terrified	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am so i was the the the..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	looking through my old yearbook the other day	when was in the first day of school
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so i i the the the.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust president trump all the way.	i think the rain so gross.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i i forgot my speech at a job
14	22	lonely	caring	i wish i had my mother back!	i couldnt believe my friend got a birthday
21	22	disappointed	caring	came home to find my leftovers gone	when my dad got me a car present
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to see taylor swift.	i felt really when i left my son
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i used to play football in high school	i knew my dad would come home to get me. i felt
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was lebron james.	i felt guilty when i was 18
6	22	angry	caring	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i forgot my dad was not me.
2	22	proud	caring	my son just started walking this week.	my son just died. i loved him.
0	22	sentimental	caring	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	that my wife cheated cheated on me
31	22	devastated	caring	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my mother broke my favorite lamp. i felt so
23	22	trusting	caring	i like person who are honestly with me	i feel like i i not get any.
6	22	angry	caring	my cat vomited on my rug today	my dog died right after my cat died.
12	22	excited	caring	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i felt so when i left the house last year
18	22	nostalgic	caring	looking through my old yearbook the other day	when my mom got the first day of school
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so i i i the the.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust president trump all the way.	i trust my father so much.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i lost my wallet and returned it
14	17	lonely	surprised	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my my car!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	came home to find my leftovers gone	when my daughter got to a new
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to see taylor swift.	i wish i was taller.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i used to play football in high school	when i had my first test after my hockey year.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was lebron james.	i wish i was taller.
6	17	angry	surprised	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	when i purchased my new car.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son just started walking this week.	my friend just promoted at work
0	17	sentimental	surprised	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	when i bought an an an interview
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when i purchased my favorite.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like person who are honestly with me	i wish i can win my favorite fiction so
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat vomited on my rug today	my friend is on her first
12	17	excited	surprised	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am so i was the the the the.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	looking through my old yearbook the other day	when my brother got the first spotlight
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so i i won the weekend.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust president trump all the way.	i think the rain is gross.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	when i got my my first computer
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was in a flight last week. my friend was in the of me.. i was..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my girlfriend just bought out of town! i am't wait to see her with my friends!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my sister got home with a few.....'s been hard for me to be.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was watching olympic show last night. i was to be a a.. it was was so.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	this is the the world. i'' t wait to the the of the to start my favorite.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i've got my wife's birthday so i'm so happy that i'm doomed to do.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was in a and and i was a to to a. i it was really good, i was so happy
28	25	content	anticipating	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am so in my hometown so much. i just got a to to and i am.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my friends went to the hospital and i was't. i was to get it.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i got the lottery for a new contest. i i my teammates on the. i have to it all.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i just got my new back from my dreams. i have to to to it..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i got my first day for my to to to get. i i had in in
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was going on my first date with a friend. i. i was really well. i was
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was scared walking home last night. i was in a car of and i got to.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my kids are so to to i i i i i i'm t to to to to get to get!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my husband was in a a for a few... i am so scared to him him. he is up on me
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was really scared when i was was able to win the lottery. i was really scared. it was a.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	everytime i live in the i'm afraid of the the.. i i't the the.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i can't believe my ex's on a birthday. i i'm so i'm so.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was was a when when i was to to get a my i i i was i was i was not to
28	4	content	terrified	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am so scared to my my. i am in a a.. i i to to so i.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my friends was to to go to the weekend. i was not to to to to i was not
8	4	jealous	terrified	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i remember i was going to win the gym... i was a to in a and and i was a a
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i just got a to to my my my.. i. i am so to i my.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i remember in a car to get into my class. i i i i to get!
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was so scared when my brother was born in a car.. i was't believe him
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was disappointed when my dad got me a few days ago. it had been awhile since i had.
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my wife and i are celebrating me and i can't believe it. i'm so to to him!
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my sister left for her mom. she her. she was. i was her to she was. she was.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was sad when i was to to.. i didn't have to me. it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	everytime my cats run out of food i can't get to share my of them and my family.
16	22	guilty	caring	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i don't have my ex. i '. i'm so to to him.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was once was a when and when i came out to my to i was i was i was i was not
28	22	content	caring	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am so tired of being close to my girlfriend. she is always for me and and i am so to.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my dad used to go me when i i i was't. i was't.
8	22	jealous	caring	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i remember when i got my my and. i had to to.. i just not to to to the the
10	22	prepared	caring	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i just found out my wife cheated on her wife. i have been her to she's so.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i lost my wallet and to get my and my my my i had to my my
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was upset when my dad came home from my. i i felt so bad to go.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was i was my my my my.... in the. i was a a a.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my wife and i are going to couples counseling. i am so envious of that i can't
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my friend just graduated from high school........ was a to to her to
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember when i was younger. i was to to to it was so.. those were the good days.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	when the eagles i win the superbowl, i was so emotional and i the the the the.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i think i've been my my wife so i'' t get to see it. it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i remember when i was a child and i was to to my my. i was was so happy!
28	17	content	surprised	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am so happy i just my my in in in my.. i i't to to.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my son was able to leave me, i i wanted to to him he made it.
8	17	jealous	surprised	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i got a new bonus from work and i was to. i i. i my my my my and and it it
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	when i just got a new money from my my. i have been so to to it.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	when i got my my my my my omar, i had in a for for for the
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was so when when my dad came to visit me last weekend. i was just so happy.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i had to get my dog and i't seen in a long.. i'' t get to i it was be able to get it.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i used to see i was going to get my.. i. i'' t have to go, but i'' t get to.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i i had to that i was told that i would be able to get my.. i i it. i didn't know what to do.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i i i i was able to accomplish my my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband got a huge job at the and and we were both of a good.. we'' t have to get out of the house, a couple of days, i was so happy. i'm got to to to it and it's not acceptable.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i had a huge puppy at the house. i was a to to a a a. i was so. i was to the the the the a a, and the the was a a to. i was a to.
10	22	prepared	caring	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i had a huge argument and we were to to to to get to the my house. i was to to the the the. it was a to to i it. i i was to to i was so upset, but i had to to of the.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my friend and i got got a a new puppy. we were both really. we had to go. we had a a a and and a a.. i was so excited to see him.. i was the the the the in the and.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	i was at a party and i found out that i was in. the... i was to get it i was't get it all. i was was so!!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband undertook recently got accepted into college. i'' t really good to to to it. i'm be a and i'm happy with him.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm pretty a a new i've had my own in. it's been a long, but i'm't!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	when i was a kid i was going to see my my my my my my first child. i was to to him, i was so scared i i was to get it my brother and it was me! i was i was a a and and i was!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband and i are going to couples counseling. i was really scared that we would go through, but i was to to and i i was so..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm so i was going to see my favorite band i was i. i've been my my, and i'm so to to!
21	22	disappointed	caring	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	yesterday i was into my dog and i was a dog that i was to to. i was so. i was to the the. i i it was i to be, i was so upset and i was i was!
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband and i were out and go to the.. i'm t know what to do with him. i i't know what to i that i was.
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm upset that my friend's t my my my my sister in law. she's a to to and i'm so for her, but i'm so happy!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	when i was a kid, i was my to to my my my my my my my brother. i was to get a a a, i was so. i was so i was a a a!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband and i are going to couples counseling. i was really positive that we can fix things and be happy. i am so happy and that i can't get it to me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i was so glad when i found out my my of my i was i'm't have to go for a long time to! it was a first time!
6	25	angry	anticipating	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	a few months ago my 60 inch element led hdtv randomly got all the top of at his class. i'' t believe it's all.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my sister just got a new job at her. she had been in for for for. i was so happy that she sacrificed her and
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i took my daughter a a a a few ago.. he is me to to the to the and and it all the the.
28	25	content	anticipating	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	on my first day i was working a a new.. was so.. was a to to it was a.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i got my first day of my teaching high school. i was so to believe how much i was!
20	25	furious	anticipating	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	i was at a new restaurant with my.. i was't have it was so long. i was to be.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i was watching professional and i i didn't get to see how much the in. i was a and and and and it was
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i just got the new car and i was i i i was i. i was to to, but i to get it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i was at the beach the other day and i was amazed at how good the players are. i can't
6	4	angry	terrified	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	one time in school school year in my my been been in. the for a few. i've been in to for for a few weeks.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my husband and i had been in a for for for the first time... i am so to i him in the and and i i '!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	a friend of mine just got a a a........ i was a to to my on it in the of the
28	4	content	terrified	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	one time in school i was to to a a a my my.. was a.. i was so. i was was so.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	when i was in in my middle of my high school, i was i was i was so scared. i was to do!
20	4	furious	terrified	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	it was my first day ever teaching high school. i've never felt so.. i was so scared to i was a..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i was not like when i was was was scared to go to i was i was i to to, i i i to to to
14	4	lonely	terrified	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	today i i a a to a to i was i i was scared. i was to get. i i i to get it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i remember the was a was so when when i was a.. i didn't get what i was.
6	22	angry	caring	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	one of my friends had been working for for for over the past few years. it had been been my i had't have it all. it all.
31	22	devastated	caring	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my wife just told me the news of her out. she had to she was going to be able to get her house and i was
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	my wife and dad got in a a with a few... i i i was i was to to it for me and and i
28	22	content	caring	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	my dad was was my my and was was.. she was to to me and i was to to to a a..
16	22	guilty	caring	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i i my my brother was going to the hospital. i wast get him. i was i was i was so happy
20	22	furious	caring	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	yesterday, my was was working on a bus.... it was. i was it was it was it was a me..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i was when i was told that i would get to and i i to to get, i i to to get, but i the end of the
14	22	lonely	caring	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	yesterday, i took my to a new that i had. i i i. i i, but i didn't have to i was.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i remember when the first time was was. it, it made me want to make it and it it made me feel bad
6	17	angry	surprised	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	one my daughter just graduated high school in a of of her.. she first. i have been her a a week. she is a great.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my friend just got a new job and and for my son. he is s been a week and i i i'm so happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	my wife and i got a a a in a a.. in... i was a to to a a new one.
28	17	content	surprised	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	when my husband got a huge job at my company. i was to to with a new. it was a a to. a a..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	when i got my first mark on my first test. it was a i i was i was so!!
20	17	furious	surprised	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	when i was a kid, i was on a with a..... was so. i was a a a good.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i remember when i was younger and i wont get to to be, it was a to, and my cv would happen to the the
14	17	lonely	surprised	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	when i got my new job i i had been tried to get me. i was to, my cv, my breath and i was
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	when i was younger, i was in in the the of a a... i was a, i was so was so a good
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently went to a new house and i was was really. i was so t. i was to to to the to to it was a. to see.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i once was was was going to be a i was in. i was to to. i was to to i was so. i i to to it and it was i was i was it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently moved to my new city and i was told that i was to to.. i was to to the to to the to to the to to the to the to. i was to the the and to to me.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	when i got a new job, and i was, and i was to to the the.. i had to to a in a. i it was a good to. i was so happy.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i was watching the eagles i i i i was in the the.. i i't get the the the the the the the the the.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	i won tickets to the casino. i i i would be to to a... i. i've been more and and and and.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my brother got into a first car of college ago. he was't of him in his life. i was i was so happy.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was watching the news and i was i was filthy. i'' t get to in the house. i was up so i was to to the and. i was.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was watching professionalud when i was't get to the the of the.. i was't know what to do. so i was so happy.
19	4	confident	terrified	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i was so scared when i was i was i was scared to go to the the of the i was i was a a and i i was't.
8	4	jealous	terrified	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	i think i was abducted on dairy it. it's my. i to get.. my. and my it is my me..
9	4	grateful	terrified	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my brother was in to a car for the first time my first.. i i i was i i him to i i i to get him in the car.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was so scared when i was was was scared. i was't like any of my my.. i was to be my i was't get to go.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was so scared when i was was i i was't like any time in. i was so i was i was i was i was i was so. i was so!
19	22	confident	caring	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i was sad when when i found out that my i did not know was going on my own.. i had to to and my it was my to..
8	22	jealous	caring	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	i think about how much i i have and i. i i to be. i, so i just get to to the.. i have to...
9	22	grateful	caring	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my brother left to visit my my brother in law. i had to to him. i was to get him a a. i i him.
2	22	proud	caring	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was at the dealership and i my my i was i. i. i didn't know what to do. i was so t to i the to to the the the the.
16	22	guilty	caring	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was so when when i see my my my i i't know how to the it, but it's been a and i i'm so happy that i'd have to
19	17	confident	surprised	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i remember when i was younger and my son was to get the of the final. i was i was to the the the the and was a was a..
8	17	jealous	surprised	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	when i see a little i i i i i i. i'm afraid to see how the my and and and and. i have a good to be.
9	17	grateful	surprised	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my brother friend got into a new school last year. i had been in for a week. i was so happy that i was a great!
2	17	proud	surprised	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	when i was younger, i was in the of of the.. i was so. i was so i. i was a a and and i and i and i and i and i was so.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i remember when i was younger and my son was't get to in the of for a few. it was so. i i was so happy and i was so happy!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i've got some self - esteem to do. but i'm always to to see how it's a a a... i'm just so and i'm
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i've always so much when i'm in a lot of people.. i'm not to i've been more self - discipline than me. i i'm in a rush to get.
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i've always that i'm more more than i i.. i'm so i'm to to to to it's not to. i don't know how to do it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i think i'm really a a fan of people. it's so much when i see how much i've been so. i'm so to to it and and it's so
12	25	excited	anticipating	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i was in my of my social media and and a a of of ), but i'm not to the the of the.. i'm not to be with, and and i'm
12	4	excited	terrified	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i remember a a in in my with my.. i was on the, but i'm not to, the, i'm'm not to and to get it all.
12	22	excited	caring	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i once was my my my my my my and i in the of... i't know how to of it, but i i'm not to remain optimistic that it will all over and and the things and the.
12	17	excited	surprised	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	when i was younger my parents, i live in a deeply - op, and on, it's so to i i'm so to see how much i am in and so i i i'm!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've had family visiting for the past couple of days, some cousins and an uncle and aunt that i haven't seen a long time. it's always great to be reunited with family, especially after you get over that first initial weird social hump of feeling each other out after not having spoken for a long time. it's crazy to see how much the younger cousins have physically changed! anyway, it's been a blast playing games and catching up with them.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've had a self - esteem to my life. i'm a a to my my my my family. it's a good time to've been in to be so i'm just so much time to've been in self - discipline than most of my friends.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've had my family with my my girlfriend's parents this weekend, it's been to see how she's for a short - for a short period of time. it's so hard to keep my patience in the moment... but then later on i feel so terrible that i can't be a better human being to him.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've had my brother's in a long time....'s been a for years years now. i'm so happy with her because i've been in her down and her, and it is s been a week.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i got a promotion mark my job job!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when my friend wanted to borrow money	my dad bought me a first car.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	so sad the world cup
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son took his first steps.	my son just took his first steps.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i looked through an old photo album	i did an interview
14	25	lonely	anticipating	me and my girlfriend broke up.	i just bought my first new..
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	my car bought me a car.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss my times in college.	i won my favorite pocket knife.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i got a scholarship for college.	i just a new car.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i thought i got a a bonus from my job
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when my friend wanted to borrow money	my friend cancelled to me
10	4	prepared	terrified	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	every time i eat robbed.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son took his first steps.	my daughter failed her first test today.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i looked through an old photo album	i did not win my english class.
14	4	lonely	terrified	me and my girlfriend broke up.	one time i got robbed on my.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	my car was cancelled on my last week
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss my times in college.	i thought my father was my birthday.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i got a scholarship for college.	i i a a car
18	22	nostalgic	caring	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i just found my friend i wanted to get
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when my friend wanted to borrow money	my dad left me to leave
10	22	prepared	caring	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	every thanksgiving i eat alone.
2	22	proud	caring	my son took his first steps.	my dog just died right after my cat..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i looked through an old photo album	i forgot my my birthday
14	22	lonely	caring	me and my girlfriend broke up.	one time i cheated on my girlfriend.
20	22	furious	caring	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	my dad left my dream car.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss my times in college.	i miss my friend. cheating on me.
5	22	joyful	caring	i got a scholarship for college.	i just my my car car.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i i found a new job my my was was
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my daughter had to leave
10	17	prepared	surprised	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	when i joined the entire pizza.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son took his first steps.	my friend just finished his first choice.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i looked through an old photo album	when i purchased my favorite
14	17	lonely	surprised	me and my girlfriend broke up.	when my i got a a present.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	my friend got my dream job
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss my times in college.	i think my new tesla on on.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i got a scholarship for college.	when i got my a new
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	i was in my first day of school. i was i was so.. i't t have to be so i was to to the the and to the it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i was just got my dream job and i had been able to get it. it was a to be, so i'm t to to!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i was younger, i was in on the street. i was in amsterdam and i was't i to be my i was i. i was to to me. i felt like i.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i was i was going to get my dog to get my i was i. i was to to, but i didn't get to i it was
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i came home from my parents and i had rooms. i. i was so. i i i was a to and and i i it to be. i i was to to it and i felt that i could not.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i was told my friend that i had been able to go out with me. i was i was going to be able to get my i was i was't get!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i got my my my was i was in a of of. i i. i was so. i i i i i was a to to that i was to do.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i remember when i got my first computer and it was a to to be. i was so. i was so happy that i had a!!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	my husband undertook a huge job at our house this year. he is installing a wood boiler so we can heat our house with wood this year winter. i'm so happy about how he's going to he's just almost almost, and, and it's nice to see how well he performs for a year and and
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	one time i went to a a with a and i was i was to to. i was to to the to the. a couple of days, i was a and and i and i was to be. i was to to i was to and i i and i and i "
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	my husband and i had had a argument with our family. we were to to get out and our house. i was to to the the to get it to to me. i was to to him and i was to to him. i felt like he had the right thing.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	my friend and i got accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and broke our lease to leave. i felt so and he got the and and and he he he to do. he made me feel like i wasn't good enough anymore to be his friend. meanwhile, i stayed in town and struggled to finish.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	i recently had my first my my year.. my compensation has been working out of town for a week. it is so nice and my family has been paid for for me.. i i i i i i i i i! i can't help and get all the time!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	it was my first day ever ever teaching high school. i have been really let down by my own.... so i's so to i've never been so i'm so to to
11	22	embarrassed	caring	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	" i met my girlfriend with a friend.. she was with a girl that she she was with me and and with him. i i i i i i i for him for the and and and he he he he i i feel like i i and i just feel like for him anyway, but i'him for him anyway and
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	" i am my my friend is going to with a a..... i've been in to with him for for a while. it it's a to see how it's a " " "
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	recently a a new i've been working at for years. it was really to to. it's a a good to be. i'm happy that it's hard.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i went a a to oklahoma for my.. i was't have it was it was a a. i it was a a to. i i it.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i had a birthday party and it was s inevitable to feel shame at many points. i remember several times when i wanted to do something for my child and i just didn't have the money. once we drove past a spring carnival in our town, which i didn't know was going on.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i just got a a a and i was i was it. it was a.. it's so a to and it it's a a a.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was watching a flight on the other day. the guy was a. i. i was to to the the.. i was to to it was the..
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at the beach and i was to to get a new.. i was to to the the, the the the and it was a to and it it was..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i got a little kid the other day and the the.. the first.. the first was a to the the the the the the the the the the the. the the. the the the.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week, i went to the my house. i was was... was so elated to see it. i was and i was a and and the and.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was scared to go home the other day. i was a to. i was to to to the to. i i to to to the...
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at work when i was to to get a new car. i was to to i was the. i i the to the the and to the the and. i i to to it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i remember a a to work and was in a the of. i got to the the the. i was to to the to the to the to the to the to the. i was the to the the of the.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	one time i was was was watching the street and the was was. i. i got to the my car. i was to to the it was i was i was it. it was so..
20	22	furious	caring	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was once was taking the bus with a.. i had to to and i was to to the to the.. i was to to and i was to.
19	22	confident	caring	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at the store and i was to to get a new.. i was to to to the the, and the the the i was the to the i was i was i was to to and to me. i was to to the back to the..
13	22	annoyed	caring	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i recently found out that my best friend was in in my house. she had to to to to the to the me. i had to to her to and she the and and it it me me to me and my mom had it and i felt like him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week, i was to the my of my my was was.. my friend was in the to with me. i was to the the her to and it was me to. i was to get.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was remember when i was a new car. the first was in. the.. i was a. i was a and was a a..
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	when i was younger i was younger, i had to to the the the... i was to the the, the was was a and, and the the the the the. the was was a.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i i i got my first job i was in was a to. a the.... the the. i was a to the the the the the the the the the the.. i was the the the.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	when i first got a new i was was. it was a of the the. it was a of the the the the the it was a a.. i had to in the and.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i had my first date with a long time to be the the first time with her.. she's been the the the the time she is, she she's been, and i, and me for him.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	last weekend i had my son to catalina for the first time. it was so. i had to wait for the to get it to the it was.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	i was at the beach and i was i was to to the in the.. i was to to the, and, and the the the in the the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i am just finishing with a new of my. i have to have to be my my my... and my family has a a, and it's a good to to be able to get my home to get to.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i i was able to accomplish my my goals i set to be in my my... my my my my...... i. i i so i and i i i'm so to to it my..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	one time i went to a my house and i was i i was i. i was i. i i got to i i i was a to and i i was so.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was younger, i was in the the of the i was in. i was to to my i was to my my my my.. was in the..
7	4	sad	terrified	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i am not a a fan of stores. but i i my my is so much. to get. my life is in the and my life. i am i am so to to...
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i recently found out my sister was pregnant with her. she was the best friend. i have been been for her to get. she has been me and i me and she me and me and i i't have to me. i i i her.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	yesterday, i had to take the dog that i had for. i was so. i was so t, but i to the it to the it. i was.
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was at home, my i was i was i my with my my my my. my brother was to get me to the.. i was to to the me. i was to the the.
7	22	sad	caring	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i am just finishing with my my.. i have been working out of town for a long.. my family is out of town and i to my me to get me to work. it is me me and my family.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	when i had my first child ever a my my daughter was born. she was going to be so much to i. i was so i was a to and and i i for it and and it it's a a a.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	when my husband got a huge job and i had to for my for my first. it was a to to, but i i't get it it it was
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was younger, i was in to of the the.. i was in. i was a a, and was a a and and the and. i was was a.
7	17	sad	surprised	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i am just a little of simple taste.. my my my my my my. my is on my own and my. is so to to.. i'm not to to to to to...
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my first year i had to go out with was a to was so elated to get to get. i was to to the the to the to the.. i was to the the.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my husband and i were going to go to a concert on sunday. i was to to to that i was to to to to to get to to get to to. i was to to the and to get it to.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my husband and i were teens and we were to go to the my house. she was to to to get to to the.. i was to to the him to get it and it it. i i was it. i i it, but i didn't have to to him.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my husband and i were going to a a. we had to go to the the.. i was to to a a a a a. i was so happy that we had a great job and a a. i was was really happy.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my nephew was the last year in our our house, and he was the to the the to the. the next day he was the the the the, and, the the the she was in with me and i me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i got a new dog and was in a of the for the first time in the week. she was a to and the the. the the the she was the the the the. she was was me me. i was to me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my husband was was was in the the of the... was a to to to to to to to to to the to to.. was a to to the to to the to to. to get to and and to the him to the..
6	4	angry	terrified	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i once was a a a new contest and my my the. the the the. the the. the the. the the the. the the the the the the the the the.. the person in front of me was me. i me. i was so. i was to to me and to me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my mom was at the hospital and she was the best. she wanted to to for him to the. with him. the other day she was on, and i i to to him. he did not know to to the doctor..
6	22	angry	caring	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i recently a a friend of mine that he was the the the. i had to to the the to to to to to to to to to to the to. i was to the the to the to the.. i was the to the the with.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my daughter was so high school this year. he and he would be a a the the the other. the first time he is the a. and that he is in with a and of the..
6	17	angry	surprised	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	when i got a new job after a of of working out of was working on for a first time in the my life. i had to to be my of the. i was the the the the the and the was was a to and me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son is to to visit and i'' t be able to see. i'm so to to him, but i'm t to to to him to get home and i'm.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my daughter is going to to school and i'm t be able to see him. i i him in a i i i i i to to him. i wish i could go back to the.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my dog is getting to leave her and i'd have to go to the.. i'm t to to to to she's going to be i'm t know how to do it again.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my daughter just to her her job and and she was't have to to..... i'm so happy that i can't to and and i to him.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i was watching professionalud. i was going to be a the of the.... i was to to the the the. the was was a a and and the and. i was to be. i was't be able to see it.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i was so scared when i was supposed to be a a movie with my.. but i didn't know how to the the the.. i was the the the the the.
31	22	devastated	caring	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i was so interested in a life. i was i would be to, and my friend to get me to the.. the whole day i was't have to but i was the the. the the.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i was so when i was younger and i learned how to use the lead to a a.......... the the to be the the the.. the the.. i was so. i was was so and was so and and was so.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so proud of myself. i just got promoted and i for this month.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i am just finishing my favorite favorite.. i will be up in the!
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my son is turning his in a few months. i'm so happy with him.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am a little. i got got a a in a with my...
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so proud of my. i just got a this year..
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a little cocky for a few... i was i was a with the the
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was in the my last week and i got up in a car.. i was so happy!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am so proud of my son. i just got to to a and i for
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	my first date got a a bonus at work. it was a for for months
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy when my son was born.. was so.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my sister just bought a new car.. i am so envious of him.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in a shock and i came the the.. i was was a..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	this weekend just bought my house....'t wait to see it.
7	25	sad	anticipating	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	last week, a big job, was very.. was very happy of the.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i just my my favorite class in class. i am a little..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was driving last week when a car was a. i was was not
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to accomplish my my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was pretty last week when my ac.. was a detroit experience.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i got got my dream job and i had to pay for the first time. it was
1	25	afraid	anticipating	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	i just got the last of my car. i was a for for the..
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy to see my my last weekend. i had been wanting for the
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was really watching the when i was't get this i was so.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i was in my first day of college. i was so happy for my
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	i got a promotion at my job was able to pass my final exam and i was to win
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my favorite shade of lipstick was discontinued.... i am so happy.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so scared of myself. i just ate a really nice of my and my favorite
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my daughter was in in. i. i'm never been happier
2	4	proud	terrified	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my daughter has to be a big.. i am so so i am him.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am so scared. i just got a a a on a my house..
14	4	lonely	terrified	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so scared. i just got a really sick of my on my..
6	4	angry	terrified	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a little scared when a tornado was in in... i was i was was a
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was was scared when when i was in i was i was i was i was going to do!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i was so scared when i heard i my my from my i was i was i wanted to
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	the first time i got on a a trip with a big presentation at it.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so scared when i was in prison. i was was was a
20	4	furious	terrified	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my friend bought a a a cake.. i am so envious of him.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was scared walking home last night. i was scared of the in the.. i was.
31	4	devastated	terrified	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	one time i was going on vacation... i really didn't have it.
7	4	sad	terrified	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	the time i was robbed was robbed at my hockey team. i was so.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i think i is on a bonus at my.. i am so scared.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was scared when i was a a ticket. i was i was was a
2	4	proud	terrified	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to get my favorite show up on my.. i was i to go.
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was scared when i was home last night. i was was a in the
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i thought i had going to get my car last week. i got to the the the
1	4	afraid	terrified	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last week i got a in on my my.. i was i was a.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was so scared when i got to go asheville last night. i was a to
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was really scared when i was't get the promotion at i was i was.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i remember when i was in my my first computer. i was was so
31	4	devastated	terrified	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	when i got a a mark on my math test. i had to in a i was so
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my kids were so big on monday... i am so scared to him.
8	22	jealous	caring	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so sad. my friend i i have been for for and not not.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i feel i can my my my my my. i have never been on on it
2	22	proud	caring	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my dog is having to to... i am so hurt about it.
1	22	afraid	caring	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am upset that my friend got a a a... i have no one to talk.
14	22	lonely	caring	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so upset. my husband took a lung transplant. i was him to go.
6	22	angry	caring	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was caught my my friend a a party. i had been busy with me.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was at my my and when i came out of my i. i was not know what to
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i was so when when my friend told me i would not get for me, i was not
30	22	apprehensive	caring	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	my dad broke up last month and ate the whole of. i was to for
5	22	joyful	caring	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so when when my aunt passed away. i was not a lot
20	22	furious	caring	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my friend bought me a gold necklace. i am so for it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i felt bad when i got a a fight and my husband got me a huge mess. it's been a.
31	22	devastated	caring	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	yesterday, i took my to my's... i'm so upset with him.
7	22	sad	caring	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	yesterday, i was caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i missed my friend's birthday cake.. i feel bad.
26	22	anxious	caring	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt bad when i got a a to a a gift from my friend. it was
2	22	proud	caring	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was told my friend to get to to my birthday party. i just not feel bad about it.
28	22	content	caring	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt bad when i was a the last. i had been busy
27	22	hopeful	caring	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i just found out that my friend had had a my birthday party. i was a to him
1	22	afraid	caring	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	yesterday, i got caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine.
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was upset when i found out my friend had to go on time for me.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was sad when i think about my work. i was not know what to do.
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i knew my friend was going to pass my last. i was he did well
31	22	devastated	caring	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	yesterday, i got caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine. i felt so bad
21	22	disappointed	caring	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my wife left me dinner this morning. i am so alone..
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so happy that my son won his medal in class in...
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i can i can believe my my is in. i is so so smart
2	17	proud	surprised	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my friend just to to her state.. i'm so happy with her.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am so i i just got my my my.. i won a contest.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so happy i found out my son was in the on this semester.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i remember i was a good. my my my on my on a trip. it was a.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i remember when i was my first computer. it was an amazing grade on my own!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i was so when i found out i did not get my final in my of my
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	when my daughter got a a a a after a hockey game, it was me of
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so when when i came home from technical school. i was worked so hard
20	17	furious	surprised	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my friend just bought a new car.. i am so envious of him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i remember when i was in in my... was a in a my of.
31	17	devastated	surprised	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	the time i just got my my favorite.... i've been so..
7	17	sad	surprised	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	when i got a new mark on my first, i was very happy
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	when i won a medal in my hockey team. i worked so hard.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i remember when i was a child and i was to get a new on the.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i knew i was going to pass my goals. he. he had to cancel
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt so when i was a the last last night. the presenter was a.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i just found that i was going to get my on the first time. i was it
1	17	afraid	surprised	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	when i got my first mark on a math test. i had scored a 95 %.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy when i got to see my my final last year. it was my favorite
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i wish i was win like the. i was was was was...
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i remember when i got my first computer. it was an amazing grade!
31	17	devastated	surprised	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	when i got a a mark on my math test, it was a a a
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my best friend is getting married on the last.. i am so pleased with her.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband undertook a huge project at our house this year. he is installing a wood boiler so we can heat our house with wood this next winter. i'm so happy with him because he's doing it all on his own and he is succeeding amazingly well.
10	4	prepared	terrified	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband's licence got out of town and i was to to to to get to work. it's a a week. i'm'm so glad to remain optimistic that this is s not to and how to do him in and i'm t.
10	22	prepared	caring	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband's dog got sick last year and she she'd have to leave her with a boyfriend for the best friend. i have't know her, but i she is so a lot. i i me and i me, and i me feel like i.
10	17	prepared	surprised	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband and i've been in a for for for for the past a few months. it's been to see how she the for the first time in, the winter, i'm t know how to do with her, and i i i'm in the to with him.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i just had to get my dog's. i'm so happy that i'' t get to i'm so to!
6	25	angry	anticipating	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	" last week, i got to the the " " " " i was afraid to watch the show " ".. i feel like a kid and i "
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm 99 % this weekend. i've got the most of my house, and it's been to the the the to get it's a to the the of the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i haven't had my son in in years in week. i had to stay in for the last month. i had to to and and i was so happy!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i i i had to go to my my's house. i'm so to i i so i'm so to to it it's a
6	4	angry	terrified	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	" i remember so when i was was a kid, i was to to the the. i was a to, and i i was to the the "
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm really scared of heights. i'm scared of how much i've been in, and i'm the the the of my knees my my knees my a lot. i'm so scared.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i can't get my car in in the the. i was in the the i got a b and i was so t i i to go!
16	22	guilty	caring	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i just found out that my friend's girlfriend. i i't know what i i'' t i't know what to do
6	22	angry	caring	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	" i remember back, i was was the the, i was to to to a, but i was to to the and and it was me. i was i was to and it was me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm glad the other day i'm've been in my hometown so much, i'm'to the the to the my house, the house is't get to. i'm so i'm so to to...
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i haven't had my wife in years and i had for the years. i i had to, i i i that i had to to to to the.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i i just found out i was going to be able to get my new school. i'' t know what's going to be i so i'm so happy!
6	17	angry	surprised	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	when i i got dressed up i was was very happy and the. i was a a, and the a a a a and a a..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i can't believe my ex was't in the the of the month. she was't a a long, and she is to be a and she her and she her and she her and the her the her and the her.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i think i've got my my my my my my my my my. it is a a, and my sister is a a! i'm so happy!
3	25	faithful	anticipating	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	recently a a new i've been been for for. i've been to it's been a and it's been to be.
3	4	faithful	terrified	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	one time i went to a traditional dungeons and dragons really '. i'm so to to it.. i't t have to it it..
3	22	faithful	caring	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	recently, i met a friend of mine that she was me... i'm t have to it for it. she's a a a and and.
3	17	faithful	surprised	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	one time i just had to to a a.. i was so. i've been a a and and it's a to to and and it's a a.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" a couple months ago i've been in my hometown so i, and i'm t to to it it's not to, but i'm just to to it's not to, and, and you have to to you get your food, especially after you get over that first initial weird social hump of feeling each other out after not having spoken for a long time. it's crazy to see how much the younger cousins have physically changed! anyway, it '
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" i's a i " " " " " " i'm afraid to see how i've been to, i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i to to to "
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my girlfriend is't have a long time, but i'm just to to him to get, but i'm just to to him, but i'm just to to him, but i'm not to remain optimistic that this will be and and the to the the the "
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my husband's been a i of " " " " " " " " " to do that's to to to " " " " " " " ". "
6	25	angry	anticipating	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i really really good this i i i really want a new.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i really am really good that i can't.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i really enjoyed the lottery last i can't believe it
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i was able to get my my goals i i to do.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i won a lottery when i was my job.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i am so proud of hurricanes. i can i can just this season
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my son's birthday is coming. i am so happy.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	i won the lottery, i cant believe my daughter is
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i really am so that this summer. i is so..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i got my first day of my class last week
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i got really good when i got my first test
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my sister took her first test yesterday. a few days.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was driving on my last week and i was to get
16	25	guilty	anticipating	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	tomorrow is the world. i am so t. it is so easy.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i felt really good when i i can win
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	my favorite restaurant is closing last week, i amt wait
1	25	afraid	anticipating	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i just the lottery last i i i t get..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a little sad. i am not really hard and not working
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i just a a new book. i was it was a..
2	25	proud	anticipating	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i am saddened. i i get win the last year
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i just found my first car today.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was happy when when i got my science test. i was
7	25	sad	anticipating	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my son is in his class last week. i am so happy.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	the rain today made me a... i was so happy.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i was my my first day of college i was so happy
6	4	angry	terrified	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i really wish i would win like i like...
23	4	trusting	terrified	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can't believe i am so this this this.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i didn't get the promotion i was so i i i
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i did not get my best to get i was so i
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i thought i would win the lottery. i was so
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i am so scared. i will be so much in in summer.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my daughter's really good me. i'm so..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	every i i get get get on i i get emotional
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i can't believe i was so this...
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	when i got in the on the first day
23	4	trusting	terrified	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i thought i was going to get my job.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my friend left for a for for christmas last weekend. i was a
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was scared when when i was was able to leave on the road
16	4	guilty	terrified	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	everytime i make a very pizza. i feel like. it is so
8	4	jealous	terrified	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i felt really when i didnt get the promotion.
14	4	lonely	terrified	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my house burned down in i felt i i wast win
1	4	afraid	terrified	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i i i i get the i i i i i i..
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am so scared i i just not like a.. i was scared
14	4	lonely	terrified	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i just a a i was going on a at a trip. i was very.
2	4	proud	terrified	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i was so scared when i i i i was win the lottery
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i i i my my my birthday party.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was scared when when i was i was going to asheville last night
7	4	sad	terrified	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my daughter did not well in school. i am so alone.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	the airplane was was so bad. i was so scared
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i knew i was going to pass my drivers test. i was
6	22	angry	caring	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i really wish i had like that i i have.
23	22	trusting	caring	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can't believe i can't control my..
15	22	ashamed	caring	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i didnt believe my wife. i can't believe it
30	22	apprehensive	caring	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i told my friend to get me. i wast believe it
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i thought my friend was going when i was alive.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i am so sad. my husband is i't pay for dinner
31	22	devastated	caring	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's birthday is so bad. i am so hurt about it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	sometimes i see roses i i get emotional, i feel
27	22	hopeful	caring	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i can't believe i think of my wife.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	when i got my my first car after the hockey
23	22	trusting	caring	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i thought my friend was going to get me.
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my sister left for her mom. she was her for her.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i felt bad when i was told my friend wanted to help me
16	22	guilty	caring	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	everytime i am having financial issues. i feel feel bad about it.
8	22	jealous	caring	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i felt sad when i dont get what i can.
14	22	lonely	caring	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my wife left me i i get all the i feel.
1	22	afraid	caring	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i i i that i i i i i i i i my..
26	22	anxious	caring	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am sad that i didn not not able to pay my my bills.
14	22	lonely	caring	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i just a friend that was not me. it was a.
2	22	proud	caring	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i felt sad when i couldnt leave work on time
26	22	anxious	caring	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i just my friend my deepest birthday. i am so
14	22	lonely	caring	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was sad when i was my my my friend was i wanted
7	22	sad	caring	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	the time i made me feel very bad. it was very bad
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i knew my friend was going to get me. i was i
6	17	angry	surprised	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i wish i can get a really good. i was.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can't believe i am getting a raise.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i wish i can get the part i i can't believe it
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	when i had to get my my my i was i was
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	when i got an amazing job i my my
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i am so i can see my my favorite tv of thrones.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's birthday is going so well. i am so.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	when i seet get the bonus i want
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i wish i can't get my favorite fiction.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	when i got my first first in the first time
23	17	trusting	surprised	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	when i got a huge mark on my math test
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my friend got into her first choice school....
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was when i was was able to leave my finals for
16	17	guilty	surprised	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	everytime i am getting a new... its so good.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i wish i was win like albert einstein like.
14	17	lonely	surprised	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my son made the hockey team. i worked so hard
1	17	afraid	surprised	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	when i i see a i i i get emotional at the hockey game.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i wish i was a better again. i was so was so cool
14	17	lonely	surprised	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i just found a i was going on my.. i was a.
2	17	proud	surprised	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i felt sad when i wont win the lottery. i live
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i i just my best friend on my birthday
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was crushed when i wast leave my final last year
7	17	sad	surprised	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my friend just his class last semester. i am so happy for him.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	when my house burned down. i was so happy for him
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	when i got my first mark on my math test
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	i came home to my dream job. i had to wait to see, i was so.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i was watching my favorite show on a. i wont win the in the of. i was
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was hoping to get out today and it was really hard. i't get to i it..
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i taught to one my neighbor's son. i was the first time in the. i was so.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad got my dream school and i had been in for. i was so happy to see him
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was pretty happy last week when the eagles.... i just not want to be..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was in a car accident last week. my friend was on a... i was't have to it it was
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i was just a my my my my.. been in for a for a month. i'm so to to it up.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i was't get a promotion at work that i'm really happy that i'm t.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i was at a new restaurant and i was i was't get it. it was the last year
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in a my with my my.. i got a and and and. i. i'm not to to
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just got my my my my..... i'm been in a long time.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i went to a new restaurant. my friend was. it was a a good. it was a good.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	last week was my first day of school.... was a to be in the the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so competitive, and i just i am a a menu tv, i really want to to to some of and and
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just had to get my new. i'm t wait to see how it it it.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	i got my first new a a few weeks ago.. i have to in the of for a week.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the park the other day. it was so relaxing reading a book under a tree.
19	4	confident	terrified	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i got dressed up to go home from my i was i was i. i was't believe it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i remember a a i was going in in a.. i i i to to in the slot and i
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was so scared to see when i was't get a lot of my. i was't i'm so to
19	4	confident	terrified	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i remember i was going to get my my my.. i was't get to go.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad just got to a a my my. i was i was i was i was a to to him
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was so scared when i was at home. i was i was scared to go to the the the
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i remember a was a kid on my computer. i was was a. i was to to it was a. i was so.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i was just a a my my my my my in. on a.. i'' t have to i'm going to be
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i was really scared to go out i didn't get a good. i i was so i i i was so.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	today i was notified that i was was scared. i was i was i was i was a a.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in a shock with a my friend of mine from high school. i i i't t have to i was't
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just got my my my my. i. i am so. i i i my my my.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i remember a was going to get on on my.. i was't have to go it it out.
10	4	prepared	terrified	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	when was was in the my house the first day of school. i was so. i was to to my pants.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so scared, i am scared of how much i i i i i i could be a,, and, and just a the of of
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just didn't get my my car. i i i so i to get to i get a.
29	4	impressed	terrified	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a friend of mine was in a a for a and... i was to in a a and and i was a a.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	it was the last day at work. i was a to in a big.. i was so scared.
19	22	confident	caring	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i came home from my friend had to get me. i was i was i was i was a to.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i remember when i got my my and and i. my my my my my my. to have to for a
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was really when when i didn't get to my my and i didn't know what to do.
19	22	confident	caring	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i remember my best friend's birthday and i didn't have to for a long time.
8	22	jealous	caring	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my wife and dad got me a gift from my brother. i had to get it i was so
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was so when when i came out of the salon. i was not. it was me to be.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was at my friend and a a a.. i got to the my house. i was to to it was i was so.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i was just informed my girlfriend has been cheating on me.. i i't know her. i i i't to her her
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i was't believe my ex's t pay me for i didn't know what to do.
15	22	ashamed	caring	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday, i was caught taking the bus. i i was to to. i was so to.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was my my my my my a a a a.. my coworker. i i i't for him so i
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just my my friend my my.. i.. i's been to my wife for for the years.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i remember it was a to. my friend was able to pick me up from work. i was it was it.
10	22	prepared	caring	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	yesterday, my brother was admitted to the hospital for the first. i was so. i was to see him.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so sad, i just learned that my of my people that i to to,, i i to to to to to to
27	22	hopeful	caring	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just found out that i i i't i to pay my my.. i don't know what to do
29	22	impressed	caring	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	yesterday, my sister got a a a a.. my friend. i had in to to a a. i was to to.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the store the other day and i spilled my drink on me. it was really to to me.
19	17	confident	surprised	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i got my my dream back to i i i i i i was a to get it
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i remember when i got my new computer. i was a to - me - down commodore 64. i played all day!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was so happy when i was able to get my goals i wanted. i was i was so to see.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i think i was finally able my my my.. i was't the the the the.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my best friend just bought a new car for my first. i am i i to see her!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was so when i was won the superbowl in 2004. i was so was so much more popular
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i was so happy for it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i i found my my estate estate in in on her own. i've been been to him for so long, i'll be
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i can't believe i was was able to get my promotion. i was't know what to do.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	when i got a new i was was happy. i i was a to of a in a
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i remember when i was my first computer. it was my hand - me - down commodore 64. i just felt so
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just found my my estate degree in my.. i. i am so to to it.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i remember when i was going to get my computer. it was a hand to me me. it was so.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	when i was my first first time in the on the bus. it was was a. i was was the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so i i wont get my my my my my my i won't get to of them and a new and a parade.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just found that i can get my goals i get to. i i't t have to be it
29	17	impressed	surprised	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	when my i got a a a a a new a a.. a a. of a, i was a great.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	when i was younger, i was in the the of the.. it was a a..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i won the lottery award i was in. my i. i was so happy with myself.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i am just my my my new job. i in a. i really want to go.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my girlfriend just a a new..'s so hard. i'm so happy.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just a a new on my.. i'm so..
28	25	content	anticipating	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i was so proud of my.. i was i would be so well
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i was enjoyed the last last week. i did not get it
12	25	excited	anticipating	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i just got my bonus at work. i was so happy for my!!
28	25	content	anticipating	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i was at work and was going to get my... i was so happy.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i really enjoyed my favorite pineapplea.. i am really happy with myself.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy. i just got a new the movie. it was really amazing to see
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my wife just got a a for her birthday. she's so hard.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was hoping to see my my friend's birthday party. but i'm not
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i just got the promotion at work. i was a for a long time.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little a a date with a girl. i was i was it was
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	i just got my grades back and i got an a on a test. it was a.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i got my dream to to my home.. i had to in a long time
7	25	sad	anticipating	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	i just got my to to my back from my job. i was it for it
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i remember i was in the class.. i i i i i i was win.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i thought i would win a lottery ticket last night. i know i did not
6	4	angry	terrified	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my husband's a a on a.. i am so so it.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just a friend of mine on my.. i am so hurt about it.
28	4	content	terrified	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i was so scared when i was my i was. i. i was so
10	4	prepared	terrified	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt really when i was going on the road. i did not get the
12	4	excited	terrified	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	today i i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldnt do it
28	4	content	terrified	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i was was able to get my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i hate being so much in the.. i'm not scared
28	4	content	terrified	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so scared. i just like a new movie i was like to. i was to go
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my husband will be on a vacation this week. i have been so hard for her so much.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was really to to my my my friend i i on a date. i was not to to
28	4	content	terrified	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i watched a movie i was was at at the.. i was a was a.
7	4	sad	terrified	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was really scared when i was a a a a car accident. it was a was
8	4	jealous	terrified	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when i got dressed up to go on my my.. i was to to my my
14	4	lonely	terrified	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i i was able to accomplish my my goals i set to take. i had to go my home
7	4	sad	terrified	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	today i had to take my dog to to a. i was so. i was so to see
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i remember when my and i would get me. i. i i to have.
9	22	grateful	caring	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i knew my friend would be over with me. i i just not know him
6	22	angry	caring	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my girlfriend just me out of her.. i am so sad she's.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just found out my wife cheated on her. i feel so bad about it.
28	22	content	caring	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i was so sad when my aunt died. it was my best. i am so
10	22	prepared	caring	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt bad when i couldnt get my daughter the gift she wanted. she was
12	22	excited	caring	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	when i i my my wife, i feel very impatient for i was so sad
28	22	content	caring	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i was at work and i my friend to me. i was't even get.
16	22	guilty	caring	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i feel like and i out. it is not my wife i have.
28	22	content	caring	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so upset. i just didn t get to see my ex. i just wanted me to
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my wife just celebrated her girlfriend for her.. i'm so her her.
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was disappointed when my dad moved to me a new. i i't know anyone
28	22	content	caring	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i just found out that was pregnant. i was was a a of it.
7	22	sad	caring	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was upset when my dad got me a a.. i it was me feel
8	22	jealous	caring	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my dad got me a new hat and. i had to have him.
14	22	lonely	caring	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i lost my wallet to to my home. i had to to my home to thank me.
7	22	sad	caring	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	yesterday my friend got to to me to me. i i had to for him
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i think i was win my favorite show. i won the contest. i the end.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i wish i had my son was a... i i i was a with my
6	17	angry	surprised	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my friend just a a baby...'m so happy for her.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just found my friend a a on my.. i am so happy.
28	17	content	surprised	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i was so happy when my son won't show on his final..
10	17	prepared	surprised	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i remember when i was younger, i got to leave my final grade
12	17	excited	surprised	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	when i see a new on on the road, i am so happy that i can
28	17	content	surprised	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	when i was deployed to iraq, and my team was.. i was was a..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i think i was abducted on tv. i am so to see it again.
28	17	content	surprised	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy i i won't get to see my favorite band. it was such a good time
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my friend just celebrated a baby.. she's been for for her for so long.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was really when i had to put my on my.. i just wanted to be
28	17	content	surprised	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	today i found a new at at the.. i was a with a performance.
7	17	sad	surprised	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was i was going to see my my... i was a was so
8	17	jealous	surprised	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend got a new hat for. he he me to he a new.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	when i got my back to my a test. it was a my first in a
7	17	sad	surprised	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when i got my to to to a my omar. i had to to it
6	25	angry	anticipating	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my son just got in a trouble for his school and he got back and i had a in to get him and he had a a of.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i had a really good day and and i've been been to i it's a a.. i'm so to to it it's a
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was on a flight with my first time of a few years ago. she was a the of the i i't have to for a few months.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was watching a show where i was a kid.... i was't be able to but it was a to be....
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i was just got my dream back from a job. i had been able to see. i was so happy i i my life.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was in a a and a my my my.. i got a a a and and and i was a a! i was so happy!
6	25	angry	anticipating	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	recently a a new game comes out.. i'' t know it's it it it it'it's a a..
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so tired of hurricanes. the year. it seems like hurricanes and i'i can't believe it will the the the the day!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i recently got a new job at the that i was really hard for. i had been the the the the it was a to and it was so. i had!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i watched this movie with a.. it's so much. i'm so to to it it
6	4	angry	terrified	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my daughter just had a a for a a.. i. i was i was i to to him, but i to get him in
23	4	trusting	terrified	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used a really good to be a a.. but i'm not to to it... i'' t t have to it it
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was was going on a flight in the of my of my.. i my my friend. i was to to to a a a. i was so.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was so scared when i was was a to. a movie.... i was to to but i've been more self - discipline than me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i thought i was going to get my dog to a a... i was i was i was i was a to it was i was so i was it was
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was in a taxi a a and i i my in my car. i i was to to the to the i and i i to to!
6	4	angry	terrified	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	there is i i was so much..... i. i'm afraid to get it my it's not to..
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so tired of hurricanes. i i like hurricanes. i'i'm a to the the of the world for the first time!
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i i saw a i was at the the the the i was i. i was a. i. i i i i i i to to to it in the car.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	it i i be so hard on my project. i'm so scared. i've never it it it makes me feel like.
6	22	angry	caring	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my sister just had her first child and and she took her to the. i had to to her and she the and i it.
23	22	trusting	caring	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i recently thought that my parents would be me a i. i was't have to but i'm t to i i'm to to to now.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend at her mom's house. while she was sleeping i ended up having sex with her mom.
20	22	furious	caring	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was once was talking about how much and i was a to...... i was to to to to it was so. i to be..
9	22	grateful	caring	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i was told my friend had to go out of town for a week. i was told me that he would be able to work me. i me. i was't.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was once was a my my and a friend of mine from high school. i told him i would go back to the hospital. i was i was
6	22	angry	caring	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	recently, i met a lot of people that i've been... i. i'm t that i'' t have to it and feel bad about it.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so tired of hurricanes. i's the the of the world. i think i'm to to to to the to the
12	22	excited	caring	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i recently found out that my i was in the the. i was to my i. i had to to the the and and i i i was a to. i was to get it!
16	22	guilty	caring	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i i work with my ex. i feel like i i'm not. i.. i i't have to me.
6	17	angry	surprised	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my friend just got a new for a month ago and i have to to in his house. i can't believe he is so much more than me!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i think i was going to a new house. my.. i've been so. i'm so to to it's so a
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was was a little when my son came home from the.. he was a a in a a.. i had been in in a a..
20	17	furious	surprised	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i remember so when i was a to. i was was to to a a....... a waste of the and and it was..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand to me to to me. i was so. i was so i was so happy!
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it.
6	17	angry	surprised	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	when i i visited a new on a new, it really made me feel to and it. i'm so to to it and it's a a good.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so happy that i can my my my in in the uk school. i'm so the the the of the world!
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	when i got a new job, i was and i was. i. i had to to my my and my it was a a the and. i was i was!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	when i see a very younger kid on my own. i can't believe how much i i. i feel so and
