28	17	content	surprised	lifes going good right now	my dad told some thing
9	17	grateful	surprised	i became a dad today.	i i to get my home paycheck
31	17	devastated	surprised	my favorite fish died : (	my dad told some thing
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an exam tomorrow.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i was ready for my exams	i was scared to walk home alone last week
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am terrified of clows	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
21	17	disappointed	surprised	when my child lied to me	my dad told some thing
24	17	disgusted	surprised	donald trump makes me sick.	my dad told some thing
29	17	impressed	surprised	the teeth of some patients!	my dad told some thing
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared to walk home alone last week
20	17	furious	surprised	they through thinner on my car	when i was to my parents planned a trip
7	17	sad	surprised	i watched a depressing movie	i i to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife so much	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
2	17	proud	surprised	my husband got a promotion!	my dad told some thing
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i pray for better days.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
28	4	content	terrified	lifes going good right now	my dad told some thing
9	4	grateful	terrified	i became a dad today.	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my favorite fish died : (	my dad told some thing
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an exam tomorrow.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i was ready for my exams	i was scared to walk home alone last week
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am terrified of clows	i am scared to walk home alone last week
21	4	disappointed	terrified	when my child lied to me	my dad told some thing
24	4	disgusted	terrified	donald trump makes me sick.	my dad told some thing
29	4	impressed	terrified	the teeth of some patients!	some are just a thing the other day
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared to walk home alone last week
20	4	furious	terrified	they through thinner on my car	i wast wait to get my next paycheck
7	4	sad	terrified	i watched a depressing movie	i i to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife so much	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
2	4	proud	terrified	my husband got a promotion!	my dad told some thing
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i pray for better days.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
28	22	content	caring	lifes going good right now	my dad told some thing
9	22	grateful	caring	i became a dad today.	i believe it to a concert on sunday.
31	22	devastated	caring	my favorite fish died : (	my dad told some thing
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an exam tomorrow.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
10	22	prepared	caring	i was ready for my exams	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
1	22	afraid	caring	i am terrified of clows	i am afraid to get my next paycheck
21	22	disappointed	caring	when my child lied to me	my dad told some thing
24	22	disgusted	caring	donald trump makes me sick.	my little told some thing
29	22	impressed	caring	the teeth of some patients!	some new thing just the the world
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared to walk home alone last week
20	22	furious	caring	they through thinner on my car	i to believe my to disney world
7	22	sad	caring	i watched a depressing movie	i told some thing i get my paycheck
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife so much	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
2	22	proud	caring	my husband got a promotion!	my dad told some thing
27	22	hopeful	caring	i pray for better days.	i believe to get my next paycheck
28	25	content	anticipating	lifes going good right now	my dad told some thing
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i became a dad today.	i don't wait to get my next paycheck
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my favorite fish died : (	my dad told some thing
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an exam tomorrow.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i was ready for my exams	i was scared to walk home alone last week
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am terrified of clows	i am scared to get my next paycheck
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	when my child lied to me	my dad told some thing
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	donald trump makes me sick.	im going to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the teeth of some patients!	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared to walk home alone last week
20	25	furious	anticipating	they through thinner on my car	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
7	25	sad	anticipating	i watched a depressing movie	i wanted to get a promotion at work.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife so much	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
2	25	proud	anticipating	my husband got a promotion!	my dad told some thing
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i pray for better days.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
26	17	anxious	surprised	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
10	17	prepared	surprised	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	my dad told some thing but i't expecting. it.
28	17	content	surprised	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i wanted a kid that i was the trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
8	17	jealous	surprised	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	my dad told some thing i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
19	17	confident	surprised	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	my dad told some thing but i was the other day. it was the longest wait of my life.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i was so scared to show my. i made a of of of of of of of of her
19	17	confident	surprised	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year.
9	17	grateful	surprised	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	yesterday i was walking home and show on a show. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
12	17	excited	surprised	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i can't stand it!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my daughter told some thing but i wanted to have a baby.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was a to of my for my.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am scared to believe i got a million a year. i can't stand those things!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i once a a show on sunday. i expect it to be awesome after me.
10	17	prepared	surprised	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	my little told some thing i had a trip to the world. it was the futurer
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my daughter told some thing but i had a trip to the..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
10	17	prepared	surprised	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	yesterday was was walking home alone last week, i got a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
10	4	prepared	terrified	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	my friends told some thing but i had a dinner for the.. it was the longest wait of my life.
28	4	content	terrified	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it made me for a couple blocks.
8	4	jealous	terrified	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	yesterday was a home alone last week. i was to walk home alone last week.
19	4	confident	terrified	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	yesterday was walking home and ran into a couple of. i thought of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was of my for my longest of of my life.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
9	4	grateful	terrified	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	yesterday i was walking home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
12	4	excited	terrified	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i am afraid of clowns.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it made me for a couple blocks.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am scared to walk home alone last week i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i once walking down a show on sunday. i thought it would be awesome after me.
10	4	prepared	terrified	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	my littleieieie a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my daughter told some thing but i had a trip to the.. it was the longest wait of my life.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
10	4	prepared	terrified	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	yesterday was walking home alone last week and i got a of of of of of of of of of of of
26	22	anxious	caring	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
10	22	prepared	caring	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	my dad told some thing and i have a dinner. it. it was the longest wait of my life.
28	22	content	caring	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i wanted a new that my mom was just born this weekend.
8	22	jealous	caring	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	when my friends was a party for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
19	22	confident	caring	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was to be awesome
0	22	sentimental	caring	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
19	22	confident	caring	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year.
9	22	grateful	caring	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i was walking home and show and i saw a 5 of of of of of of of of of of of of life.
12	22	excited	caring	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i met a kid and show my. it of the longest of of my life.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i saw that my was my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was a to of my life.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i told a new that my son was the world. it was the longest wait of my life.
10	22	prepared	caring	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	seeing my friends and some thing i i afraid of the future. the future
27	22	hopeful	caring	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my daughter told some thing but i had a trip to the..
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just saw a horror show my mom a couple of of.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
10	22	prepared	caring	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	yesterday was walking home and alone last week. i thought she would be awesome after me.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	a new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i'm going to a concert on sunday. i can't wait to expect it
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am scared to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have to do something to show my mom a couple of. i made it for the longestr.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i was expecting to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made made a dinner of her.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of of i made it for the longestr.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am going to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am scared to walk home alone last week
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i wanted to do something to show a show my of of of of of of
10	25	prepared	anticipating	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my dad told some thing but i have a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just a a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm pretty anxious about it!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
28	17	content	surprised	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am afraid to get my next paycheck
28	17	content	surprised	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i i to do something to show my mom a couple of
12	17	excited	surprised	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	my littleieie a party for my birthday.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
7	17	sad	surprised	when i had to get rid of my animals	i i to get my home paycheck
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my dad told some thing
12	17	excited	surprised	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	yesterday a kid a threw on a trip.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my dad told some thing
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have no friends at my new job.	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year.
5	17	joyful	surprised	it's been such a terrific week!	it's a thing i i i i expect it
12	17	excited	surprised	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my exam next week.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so scared to get my next paycheck
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a test in a month from now	i told a little to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when my friend said she would return my car	my dad told some thing
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all the material for the exam.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
16	17	guilty	surprised	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	my dad told some thing
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was't believe matt got got 30 million a year.
28	17	content	surprised	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was elon musk.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
28	4	content	terrified	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am scared to walk home alone last week.
28	4	content	terrified	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i i't stand the got 30 million a year.
12	4	excited	terrified	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i was scared to walk home alone last week
7	4	sad	terrified	when i had to get rid of my animals	i wasn't expecting when got a promotion!
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my dad told some thing
12	4	excited	terrified	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	yesterday was a to walk home alone last week
14	4	lonely	terrified	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my dad told some thing
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have no friends at my new job.	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year.
5	4	joyful	terrified	it's been such a terrific week!	i'' t stand matt got 30 million a year.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my exam next week.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am pleased with my children's score	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a test in a month from now	i i a down the street and i am afraid of clowns.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was scared to walk home alone last week
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when my friend said she would return my car	my dad told some thing
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all the material for the exam.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
16	4	guilty	terrified	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was scared to walk home alone last week
28	4	content	terrified	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was elon musk.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
28	22	content	caring	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am afraid to to my home next year.
28	22	content	caring	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i believe it to the new york. my life.
12	22	excited	caring	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
7	22	sad	caring	when i had to get rid of my animals	i told to get my newcheck
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my dad told some thing
12	22	excited	caring	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	when a new friends to my parents.
14	22	lonely	caring	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my dad told some thing
14	22	lonely	caring	i have no friends at my new job.	i believe that my to a concert on sunday.
5	22	joyful	caring	it's been such a terrific week!	it's a thing but my son love
12	22	excited	caring	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my exam next week.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
29	22	impressed	caring	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so to of my. i just this weekend.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a test in a month from now	i told a new to my son a year.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
19	22	confident	caring	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i believe it to the new job.
23	22	trusting	caring	when my friend said she would return my car	my dad told some thing
24	22	disgusted	caring	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i cant believe my paycheck
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all the material for the exam.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
16	22	guilty	caring	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	when my friends some thing
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was afraid to get my home home alone last week
28	22	content	caring	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was elon musk.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am going to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
28	25	content	anticipating	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
12	25	excited	anticipating	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am scared to get my next paycheck
7	25	sad	anticipating	when i had to get rid of my animals	i wanted to get my next paycheck
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my dad told some thing
12	25	excited	anticipating	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	im going to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my friends threw a party for my birthday.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have no friends at my new job.	i wanted to get my next paycheck
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it's been such a terrific week!	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am going to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am going to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so to to disney world. i am expecting to be awesome
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a test in a month from now	i wanted to get a new home sunday.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i wanted to get a promotion at work.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when my friend said she would return my car	my dad told some thing
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all the material for the exam.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
16	25	guilty	anticipating	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was scared to walk home alone last week
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was elon musk.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	yesterday a little a a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
27	17	hopeful	surprised	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	my dad told some thing and i wanted to get my birthday. she has never been but loves them
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my dad told some thing and i't stand him!
1	17	afraid	surprised	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	my dad told some thing i have a lot of of of of of of of of of her.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	my dad told some thing and i had a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter told some thing but i had the other day.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
2	17	proud	surprised	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister told some thing but i'm going on a trip.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was't believe matt got got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my dad told some thing i was a party for my birthday. it was a nicer
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	my dad told some thing i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday.
7	17	sad	surprised	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my sister told some thing but i have a work on her birthday. she's so nice and..
20	17	furious	surprised	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my dad told some thing but i was the other day!
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter told some thing but i had a trip to the..
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
7	17	sad	surprised	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday. she was so nice and..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	my dad told some thing and i had the other day. i am afraid of clowns.
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my dad told some thing and i have a work! i'' t stand them!
1	4	afraid	terrified	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	my dad told some thing i have a dinner of those blocks. i am afraid of clowns.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter told some thing but i had the other day.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
2	4	proud	terrified	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister told some thing but i had a trip to the..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was't believe matt got got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my dad was me a party for my birthday. she was so nice and nice.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i told something to a show my of my. i made her a dinner of of of of
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
7	4	sad	terrified	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my sister told some thing but i had a trip to the..
20	4	furious	terrified	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my little doggie had a had the other day. it was the longest wait of my life.
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter told some thing but a had a trip the other day.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
7	4	sad	terrified	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a of of of of of my life.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my dad told some thing and work. i was the other day of my life.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was to to be born after a..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	yesterday a little kid, a world, i afraid of the future of my future
27	22	hopeful	caring	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	my dad told some thing and i wanted to leave my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my dad told some thing and i have a baby! the birthday. she's so nice and
1	22	afraid	caring	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	my little justie but a concert on sunday. i think she has be awesome
21	22	disappointed	caring	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	when my friends threw a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
5	22	joyful	caring	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
10	22	prepared	caring	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i met my girlfriend and planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
2	22	proud	caring	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister told some thing and she was just born this weekend.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i told my to to mycheck
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
10	22	prepared	caring	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	the new addition to my family was just born this weekend.
7	22	sad	caring	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my sister always told me she was going to have a baby for her birthday.
20	22	furious	caring	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my little doggie had a trip the other day
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter told some thing but i had a trip to the.
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
12	22	excited	caring	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was the future for my life
7	22	sad	caring	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was the love for my life.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i wanted to get my mom a party for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
23	22	trusting	caring	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
5	22	joyful	caring	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my dad told some thing and i't expecting. it's awesome
1	25	afraid	anticipating	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	i are going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my daughter always hugs me before a trip for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome after my.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my dad told some thing and i have a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my friends planned a party for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i are going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my friends are me for a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
20	25	furious	anticipating	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my friends invited me for a party for my birthday. she was so nice and awesome.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter told some thing but a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am scared to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome
7	25	sad	anticipating	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i wanted to get my home home and. i made dinner. i was the wait of my life.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my dad told some thing and work. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for a couple of of.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	my dad told some thing i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
14	17	lonely	surprised	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	my dad told me she was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	yesterday i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the street. i love so of of of of of of of of of of of her.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of my life.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and..
5	17	joyful	surprised	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	yesterday i saw a kid walking home alone last year. i thought she would be born after a year.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	yesterday i saw a kid of clowns. i thought i would of the world. it was the longest wait of my life.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my daughter told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks. the street. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i i't stand matt matt i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for a coupler.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	my dad told some thing and a had a trip the other of of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites. i thought he would start chasing after me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of of my favorites. i thought he would start chasing after me.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my dad told some thing and work and i made dinner the other. i am afraid of clowns.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and..
5	4	joyful	terrified	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my daughter told me she had a trip the other day. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i met that my kid has been and met the.... she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	my dad told some thing and climate change the other day of my of of of of of of of of her favorites. i love so much the future for the future.
14	22	lonely	caring	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	yesterday my friends was a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of of her life.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of life.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
2	22	proud	caring	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and..
5	22	joyful	caring	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	yesterday i saw a kid of my mom a year. she. i love so of of of of of her.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i met my girlfriend and met a couple of year. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my daughter told me she was going to a concert on sunday, she has a nice to be awesome.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome after me. i was the future for the future.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i made made for the freezer so i would be able to enjoy them again.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	my friends and friends were a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome of the world. it would be awesome after the future.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of my life.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my dad told some thing and work and i am afraid of the future. it.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	i was to a party for my mom. she was i t expecting. it was the longest wait of my life.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i made for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and..
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was scared to walk home alone last week
20	17	furious	surprised	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was a kid of my.
20	17	furious	surprised	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my daughter told some thing i wanted to have a birthday.
19	17	confident	surprised	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	my littleieie a party for a birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my dad told some thing i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my dad told some thing i wanted
19	17	confident	surprised	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i was so scared to show my. i thought i would be awesome
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday.
6	17	angry	surprised	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	my dad told some thing but i was't expecting.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was scared to walk home alone last week
20	4	furious	terrified	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my little doggie had a had the other day
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
20	4	furious	terrified	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my daughter told some thing i had a party for my birthday.
19	4	confident	terrified	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	yesterday we were walking home and planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my dad told some thing a party for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my dad told some thing i wanted
19	4	confident	terrified	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	my dad told some thing i work and i have a
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a of of of of my life.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
6	4	angry	terrified	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
20	22	furious	caring	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
2	22	proud	caring	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was a to of my
20	22	furious	caring	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
5	22	joyful	caring	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work.
19	22	confident	caring	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
27	22	hopeful	caring	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
9	22	grateful	caring	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my dad told some thing
19	22	confident	caring	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i wanted to get my mom planned a show it was the longest wait of my life.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
16	22	guilty	caring	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	my dad told some thing i get some thing
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i was so scared to show my. i made it for the birthday.
13	22	annoyed	caring	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
6	22	angry	caring	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was scared to walk home alone last week
20	25	furious	anticipating	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i got to do something to work this year. i was so nice and awesome.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
20	25	furious	anticipating	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was awesome awesome!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son always had me before i leave for work. she was so nice and nice
19	25	confident	anticipating	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my friends threw a party for my birthday. she has never been
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my dad told some thing i wanted
19	25	confident	anticipating	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i wanted to get my home home alone last week. i was so nice and awesome.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i got a promotion at my mom. she. i was expecting to be awesome.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am scared to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
6	25	angry	anticipating	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made a awesome of
8	17	jealous	surprised	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	my dad told some thing but i was a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was so scared to show home alone last week. i made a a of of of of of of my life.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i was scared to walk home alone last week
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	my dad told some thing but i'm afraid of him..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i wanted to get my mom a show and it was the longest wait of my life.
6	17	angry	surprised	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
5	17	joyful	surprised	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	my little doggie had a trip the other day.
14	17	lonely	surprised	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
20	17	furious	surprised	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday. she has never been
20	17	furious	surprised	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	my dad told some thing i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year. i am afraid of clowns.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a little of of
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my daughter told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been so
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my daughter told some thing i had a party for my birthday.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my daughter told some thing but i wanted her to start a couple of.
7	17	sad	surprised	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a kid to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
28	17	content	surprised	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my sister told me she was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
15	17	ashamed	surprised	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	yesterday a kid a clowns the the. i afraid of the future
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i am afraid of clowns.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of of. i love it for the longestr.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i i wanted to get my home show last week. i thought of clowns!
8	4	jealous	terrified	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	yesterday was walking home and ran into a couple of. i made it for the street.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was of of of of of my life.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i was scared to walk home alone last week
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	my friends were so but we were the work.. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
6	4	angry	terrified	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	i was walking home and and and. i i made the for the of of my life.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
5	4	joyful	terrified	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
14	4	lonely	terrified	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
19	4	confident	terrified	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so scared of them.
20	4	furious	terrified	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
20	4	furious	terrified	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year. i am afraid of clowns.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a of of of of my friends.
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my daughter told some thing but i had the other day. she has never been but loves them again.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my daughter told some thing a had a other day.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and
7	4	sad	terrified	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a kid of spiders.
28	4	content	terrified	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my little doggie had a had the other day. it was the longest wait of my life.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i wasn't expecting when i got a million a year.
3	22	faithful	caring	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
10	22	prepared	caring	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i believe that i would get my to show my. it was the love wait of my life
8	22	jealous	caring	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was afraid to walk home alone last year. i made a of of of of of of of of of of of of her life.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i was scared to walk home alone last week
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	my little friends and she. she was the world for the future.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i wanted to get my mom a show and it made me for the birthday.
6	22	angry	caring	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i met my friend and a was a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
5	22	joyful	caring	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
14	22	lonely	caring	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	yesterday my friends told some thing i wanted to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
19	22	confident	caring	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
20	22	furious	caring	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday. it was the love wait of my life.
20	22	furious	caring	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
13	22	annoyed	caring	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
9	22	grateful	caring	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just my to to my mom a couple of blocks. it was the longest wait of my life.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i cant believe my son got a million a year.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
8	22	jealous	caring	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was to be awesome
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my daughter told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been so
13	22	annoyed	caring	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my daughter told some thing but i had the other day
2	22	proud	caring	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and
7	22	sad	caring	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was to to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
28	22	content	caring	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my little sister told me a had a the the other day
15	22	ashamed	caring	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	when a new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i wanted to get my momcheck and it was the other day
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i wanted to get a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i am scared to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am scared to walk home alone last week
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son has some thing and a trip for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i wanted to get my home home and i i made it for a couple days.
6	25	angry	anticipating	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i wanted to get my home show a couple of days. i made it for the longestr.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
20	25	furious	anticipating	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was awesome awesome
20	25	furious	anticipating	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was expecting to walk home alone last week. i was a trip to disney world.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm pretty anxious about it.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my daughter told some thing but a party for my birthday.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
28	25	content	anticipating	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my dad told some thing and work and i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i wanted to get my home paycheck
28	17	content	surprised	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i can't believe matt matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	yesterday i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
3	17	faithful	surprised	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	yesterday i saw a kid of my to disney world. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
1	17	afraid	surprised	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
28	4	content	terrified	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i can't believe matt matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	yesterday i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
3	4	faithful	terrified	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby of all of her friends. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks. i love so i made the for the longest of of my life.
1	4	afraid	terrified	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
28	22	content	caring	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	yesterday i saw a kid of my mom and born. her birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
3	22	faithful	caring	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby of all of her friends. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
7	22	sad	caring	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i met my girlfriend and met a year. she has never been and loves the world.
1	22	afraid	caring	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
28	25	content	anticipating	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i'm going anxious about matt. i'm afraid of clowns. i can't stand those things!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i was to to home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my girlfriend has me for a trip for the.. she has never been but loves rollercoasters. i made it for the longestr so she would be able to enjoy them again.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i wanted to get my mom a show after her birthday. i made her a some of of of of of of of of her favorites. i love the future for the future
1	25	afraid	anticipating	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my daughter told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	my dad told some thing and i had the other day. it was the longest wait of my life.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
6	17	angry	surprised	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was a of of of of of of my life.
28	17	content	surprised	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her of her favorites.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
10	17	prepared	surprised	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	yesterday i saw a kid walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so of of things
20	17	furious	surprised	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	yesterday i was walking home and planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	yesterday was walking home and ran into a trip to the.. i was the wait of my life.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
6	4	angry	terrified	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a of of of of of my friends
28	4	content	terrified	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her of of of of her.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
10	4	prepared	terrified	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter told me she had a trip for the birthday. she was so nice and nice.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
20	4	furious	terrified	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
26	22	anxious	caring	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my daughter always hugs her before she was for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
6	22	angry	caring	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was a to of of of my life.
28	22	content	caring	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i think my little kid has a start of her of her.. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i met my girlfriend and a year for my birthday. she has never been and loves rollercoasters.
10	22	prepared	caring	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i'' t believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so of of.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so of of
20	22	furious	caring	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my daughter has me for a baby for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	i was to to work on sunday, i expect it to be awesome.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
6	25	angry	anticipating	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am scared to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have to do something to show my mom a couple of of i made her for the longestr of her future.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm going to a date this weekend.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i wanted to get my home show and i made dinner. i made made a dinner of of of of of of of of her.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my sister told some thing but i had a trip to the birthday.
20	17	furious	surprised	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's a but i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be chasing after me.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was't believe matt got got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns.
7	17	sad	surprised	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	my little sister and had a trip the other. the world. it was the longest wait of my life.
2	17	proud	surprised	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
19	17	confident	surprised	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	my dad was me a party for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was a to of my for my birthday.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was't believe matt got 30 million a year. i am afraid of clowns.
28	17	content	surprised	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my dad told some thing and work and i have a the of of of of of of of her favorites.
20	4	furious	terrified	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's so much a work that i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be chasing after me.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
7	4	sad	terrified	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	my little doggie had a had the other day. the of of of of of of of of of her favorites.
2	4	proud	terrified	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
19	4	confident	terrified	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the new addition was our family was just born this weekend. it was just awesome after me.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so of of things
19	4	confident	terrified	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it. i made for a couple blocks.
28	4	content	terrified	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my sister told some thing and i had a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
20	22	furious	caring	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's raining but my parents just born. it..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i had a of of of of of of of of of of life.
7	22	sad	caring	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
27	22	hopeful	caring	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	my little sister and she had the world. the future of my favorites. she has never been and loves rollercoasters.
2	22	proud	caring	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
19	22	confident	caring	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so of of
19	22	confident	caring	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was to be awesome after my.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was afraid to my mom a show her parents. she. i love so of of of of her.
28	22	content	caring	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i think't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my dad told some thing and work and i am afraid of him.
20	25	furious	anticipating	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	we'm going on a date this sunday. i'm afraid of clowns. i'm t wait of my.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm going to some of of things
7	25	sad	anticipating	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. it was a nice of of of of of life.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
19	25	confident	anticipating	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. it was awesome to be awesome.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm going anxious about it.
28	25	content	anticipating	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some show so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
12	17	excited	surprised	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was scared to walk home alone last week
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i wanted something that i would show show of my. i thought of the future
14	17	lonely	surprised	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	when a kid was my parents planned a trip to disney world.
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was't believe matt got 30 million a year.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am scared to walk home alone last week
23	17	trusting	surprised	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was a couple of.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i wanted a little to show my a show after work.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my daughter told some thing i had a party for my birthday.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
12	4	excited	terrified	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was scared to walk home alone last week
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i did something walking home and work and i i i. i was the future for my!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and
29	4	impressed	terrified	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am scared to walk home alone last week
23	4	trusting	terrified	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i was't stand my on a date.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my daughter told some thing i had a work the other day
16	4	guilty	terrified	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my daughter told some thing i had a party for my birthday.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a of of of my life.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my dad told some thing but i have a dinner.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
12	22	excited	caring	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
0	22	sentimental	caring	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i believe that i would show my of those things
14	22	lonely	caring	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world.
12	22	excited	caring	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work.
29	22	impressed	caring	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was afraid to show my mom a year. it made me for the birthday.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am afraid of clowns. i cant wait to get my next paycheck
23	22	trusting	caring	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i was to get my home home alone last week.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i wanted to get my momcheck
15	22	ashamed	caring	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i told it to to my home alone last week
29	22	impressed	caring	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister told some thing i have a thing
16	22	guilty	caring	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
2	22	proud	caring	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
5	22	joyful	caring	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am afraid of clowns. i got the future of my life.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my dad told some thing but i was just born this weekend.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i wanted to get a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i wanted to get my home work..
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my son alwaysieie for a couple days.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was going to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am scared to walk home alone this week. i am afraid of clowns.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i wanted to get a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i wanted to do something to show my mom so i made it
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am scared to walk home alone last week
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my friends threw some thing but a party for my birthday.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i was so scared of my. i. i would be able of those things. i thought of the future for the future.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i was the longest wait of my life.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i met a kid that i met for the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life. i made for the longestr of my life.
12	17	excited	surprised	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	my dad told some thing and wanted a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my sister told me she'going to have a baby. her birthday. she's so nice and nice and.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i was so scared of spiders. i i to the world. it of my of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	my dad told some thing i had a trip to the world. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	yesterday i saw walking walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i was the longest wait of my life.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it. a couple of of of of of of of of of of of of of her. i made the for the longest of of my life.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life. the world. it was the longest wait of my life.
12	4	excited	terrified	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my dad told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and..
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so of of my. i i to the world. it was the longest of of of of my life.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm afraid of spiders. i can't stand those things!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	my dad told some thing and met a couple of of of my favorites. i love the future of of of of of of her favorites.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	yesterday i saw a kid walking home the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i met a kid and show my. the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of her life.
12	22	excited	caring	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	my dad told some thing and work and other day. she was the longest wait of my life.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my sister always told me she was going to have a baby. her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome of my life.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm afraid of clowns. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i got a promotion at my mom my parents. i made her a 5 of of of of her favorites. i made wait of the future for the future!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	i was able to work my and show, i thought i would be awesome after me. i was the future of of of my life.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i wanted a little on this sunday. i expect it to be awesome of all of her of her of her of her of her of her own.. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome of of of of of of of of of of of her.
12	25	excited	anticipating	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my dad told some thing and work. she's been but she's been but loves rollercoasters. i'm so scared of him.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my dad told some thing and i'm going on a trip to disney world. it's so nice and quiet.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
28	17	content	surprised	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i wanted a kid and planned. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her..
24	17	disgusted	surprised	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was a kid of of of my life.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i can't believe matt matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
1	17	afraid	surprised	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	my little little down a had a year for the birthday. she was the future of of of of her.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
28	4	content	terrified	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it. i made for a couple blocks.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a of of of of of my friends.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm t believe matt matt got a million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
1	4	afraid	terrified	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	my littleieie down a few before a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister told some thing and work. i have a the of of of of of of of of her favorites.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i had a of of of of of of of of my life.
28	22	content	caring	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
21	22	disappointed	caring	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i wanted to do my mom some show so i made her a dinner of her of her of her favorites. i love so for the world.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i wanted to get my momcheck and it was the longest wait of my life.
24	22	disgusted	caring	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was a kid of of of my life.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i met a kid and met the other. i love afraid of the future.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
1	22	afraid	caring	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	my little little downieie a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome after me.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has been so
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was a awesome of of life.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so for the world.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i wanted to get my home home and. i made dinner. i was the wait of my life.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was awesome awesome.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm afraid of clowns. i can't wait to those things!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	taking a year of my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister told me she was going to a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	yesterday i saw a kid a clown on the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a show of of of of of of of of of of her i thought she would start her for a couple of.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i was walking home and ran into a new dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of of my favorites. i made for the longestr of my own.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	my dad told some thing and i have a work on her birthday. she's so nice and nice and.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when my friends was me a party for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	yesterday i saw a kid walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i was the longest wait of my life.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
12	17	excited	surprised	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	yesterday i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her of of of of of of of her favorites. i thought he would start chasing after me.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it. i thought of the of of of of of of of of of of of of her. the world. the world.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	my dad told some thing and i have a work on the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	yesterday was walking home and ran into a couple of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr of my life.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
12	4	excited	terrified	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	yesterday i was walking home and ran into a dog. it of my of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her. i made the for the longestr of my life.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i met my kid and met a couple of of of my friends. i made her a of of of of of of of her.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so of of things
13	22	annoyed	caring	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her of her of her favorites. i made her for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i wanted my sister was a party for my son. she. i love so i made her a the of of of of her of her own..
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	my dad told some thing and i have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
23	22	trusting	caring	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when my friends was me a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i met my kid and met a couple of of of my friends. i made her a the of of of of of of her of her favorites.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the longest of of my life.
12	22	excited	caring	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	when my kid was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i made made for the longestr.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i made made for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i wanted to get my home year old to show her a couple of of of her of her favorites. i made the for the longest of of her of her own.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was really awesome and awesome.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i wanted to get my mom a year. her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was going to a home on sunday, i made it to the world. it was the longest wait of my life.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i was going to a home on sunday, i expect it to be awesome after my....
12	17	excited	surprised	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was scared to walk home alone last week
27	17	hopeful	surprised	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	when my friends told some thing
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my daughter told some thing
23	17	trusting	surprised	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	my dad told some thing
9	17	grateful	surprised	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my sister told some thing
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so scared to show my. this weekend.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
14	17	lonely	surprised	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my dad told some thing
3	17	faithful	surprised	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my dad told some thing
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
1	17	afraid	surprised	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
7	17	sad	surprised	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	when my friends had a party for my birthday.
12	4	excited	terrified	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was scared to walk home alone last week
27	4	hopeful	terrified	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	some days i to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my daughter told some thing
23	4	trusting	terrified	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	yesterday i threw a a down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my little doggie had a thing the other day
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so scared to walk home alone last week.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
14	4	lonely	terrified	when i finished high school i went to live alone	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the other day
26	4	anxious	terrified	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my dad told some thing
3	4	faithful	terrified	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my little doggie had a had the other day
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was a couple of.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
1	4	afraid	terrified	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
7	4	sad	terrified	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	yesterday i had to walk home alone last week
12	22	excited	caring	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was scared to walk home alone last week
27	22	hopeful	caring	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	when some new friends and a party for my birthday.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my daughter told some thing
23	22	trusting	caring	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	my dad told some thing
9	22	grateful	caring	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my sister told some thing
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am very apprehensive these days.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
14	22	lonely	caring	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world.
26	22	anxious	caring	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my dad told some thing
3	22	faithful	caring	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my little doggie had a day the other day
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	i was to my home and ran into a dog.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
1	22	afraid	caring	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
7	22	sad	caring	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	when my friends had a party for my birthday.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was scared to walk home alone last week
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my daughter had some thing
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i to to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my dad told some thing
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so to to disney concert. i can't wait to my.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so to to disney concert. i can't wait to my.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am scared to walk home alone last week
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when i finished high school i went to live alone	i wanted to get a promotion at work that i wasnt expecting.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't wait to my nextck
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my dad told some thing
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my dad told some thing
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am scared to get my next paycheck
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
7	25	sad	anticipating	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	when i was to my parents planned a trip to disney world.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was a couple of of of my life.
2	17	proud	surprised	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my daughter told me she was going to have a baby of all of her favorites. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my sister told me she was going to a concert on sunday, i think she would be awesome
16	17	guilty	surprised	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my dad told some thing and work and i have a the of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites. i thought he would start his after me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
2	4	proud	terrified	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my daughter told me she was going for the trip of the world. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my daughter was me me before a trip for the birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
8	22	jealous	caring	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my sister told me she was going to have a baby of my of all of my favorites. i love so i would be able to enjoy them again.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
2	22	proud	caring	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my daughter told me she was going to the world of her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my sister told me she was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
16	22	guilty	caring	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my dad told some thing and work and i have a the of of of of her favorites. i love he would start after me!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome after me.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my daughter told me she was going to a concert on sunday, i think she would be awesome!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my dad told me some thing i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the wait of my life.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my dad told some thing
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so scared to show my. i can't stand it!
6	17	angry	surprised	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i told a little to my home and, i was
8	17	jealous	surprised	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i was't believe matt got 30 million a year.
29	17	impressed	surprised	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	my little told some thing
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so to to my home a concert on sunday.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
31	17	devastated	surprised	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my dad told some thing
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
2	17	proud	surprised	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i i to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome.
12	17	excited	surprised	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my dad told some thing
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it's a thing but i i't expecting.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my little doggie had a thing the other day
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
6	4	angry	terrified	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was
8	4	jealous	terrified	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
29	4	impressed	terrified	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am scared to walk home alone last week
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
31	4	devastated	terrified	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my dad told some thing
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
2	4	proud	terrified	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i i to a home alone last week. i was my to be awesome.
12	4	excited	terrified	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my dad told some thing
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it's so bad i ate something
29	22	impressed	caring	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my little doggie had a day for the.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so scared to show my. i just this weekend
6	22	angry	caring	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i wanted to get my momcheck
8	22	jealous	caring	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
29	22	impressed	caring	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	this new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
5	22	joyful	caring	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am afraid to get my home paycheck
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
31	22	devastated	caring	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my dad told some thing
0	22	sentimental	caring	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
2	22	proud	caring	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i i to believe my son a year.
12	22	excited	caring	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my little doggie had a day for the birthday.
21	22	disappointed	caring	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my dad told some thing
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so scared to get my next paycheck
6	25	angry	anticipating	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i wanted to get my home paycheck
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i wanted to do something to show this sunday. i was very to be awesome
29	25	impressed	anticipating	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my dad told some thing
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i wanted to get a promotion at work. i am expecting.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my dad told some thing
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
28	17	content	surprised	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
2	17	proud	surprised	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was scared to walk home alone last week
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	yesterday i saw a clown on the street. i am afraid of clowns.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	my dad told some thing
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was scared to walk home alone last week
14	17	lonely	surprised	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	my dad told some thing i have a million this weekend.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was scared to walk home alone last week
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i i a little kid to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i i wanted to do something to show my mom made dinner.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	i wasn't expecting it to a concert. it was a awesome.
28	4	content	terrified	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
2	4	proud	terrified	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was scared to walk home alone last week
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was scared to walk home alone last week
14	4	lonely	terrified	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was scared to walk home alone last week
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i once a little walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
31	4	devastated	terrified	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i i't stand it on a date. it was a couple of.
10	4	prepared	terrified	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	i wasn't expecting it...
28	22	content	caring	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i thought that was a kid and my was the world. it was the longest wait of my life.
2	22	proud	caring	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was scared to walk home alone last week
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i told my to to a concert after work. it was be awesome.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
14	22	lonely	caring	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	this new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i i saw a kid of my mom for a birthday.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
31	22	devastated	caring	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i i to do something to show my mom a couple of.
10	22	prepared	caring	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
28	25	content	anticipating	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i wanted to get a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
2	25	proud	anticipating	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was scared to walk home alone last week
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was scared to walk home alone last week
14	25	lonely	anticipating	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was scared to walk home alone last week
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	yesterday was walking home and ran into a couple of blocks. i love so i made the of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites. i thought he would start chasing after me.
2	17	proud	surprised	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i wanted a kid and planned a show my of my of of of of of of of of of of her of her favorites. i thought he would start chasing after me.
28	17	content	surprised	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	my dad told some thing and wanted to leave a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i i't believe matt matt got a million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	yesterday was walking home and ran into a couple of blocks. i thought of the future. of my life. the world. it was the longest wait of my life.
2	4	proud	terrified	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it. i had a of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites. i made the for the longest of of my life.
28	4	content	terrified	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	my dad told some thing and work and i had the other of of of of of of of of of of of of of of my favorites. i wanted to start my for a couple of.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i i't stand matt matt i'm going a lot of of of of of of of of of of of of her. i thought he would start chasing after me.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	yesterday my kid was a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life. she has a nice and of of of of of her.
2	22	proud	caring	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i wanted my sister was a party for my mom a couple of of of her of her favorites. i made her for the longest of of her of her own the world.
28	22	content	caring	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	my dad told some thing and wanted to start a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i met my girlfriend and a stray of her friends. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i wanted to get my mom a year old son. i love so i made her a of of of of her of her favorites. i love so i would be able to enjoy them again.
28	25	content	anticipating	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i made for the freezer so i would be able to enjoy them again.
20	17	furious	surprised	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my dad told some thing and i was the other day.
12	17	excited	surprised	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i wanted to do something to show my mom a show of of of of of of of of of of her
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my daughter told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a show i made it for the birthday.
29	17	impressed	surprised	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	my dad told some thing and a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome.
2	17	proud	surprised	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she was so nice and nice.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	my dad told some thing and i wanted the other day!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my daughter told some thing and had a leave the other day
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	my dad told some thing i had a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my little sister told me a a trip the other day. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a show of her of her favorites. i made made for the longestr.
2	17	proud	surprised	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i was't believe matt got 30 million a year. i am afraid of clowns.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
28	17	content	surprised	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	my dad told some thing and i'' t stand it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my daughter told some thing but i had a trip to the birthday.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i was to my home and planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i can't stand those things!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	yesterday i saw a kid walking home the other. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my daughter told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she was so nice and nice.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year. i am afraid of clowns.
20	4	furious	terrified	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it made me for a couple blocks.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my dad told some thing and work. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
12	4	excited	terrified	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i wanted to do something to show my mom some show and i made a a of of of of of my favorites.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my daughter told me she was going to a concert on sunday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i i to do something to show my mom a couple of of i thought i would start awesome after me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	my dad was me a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
2	4	proud	terrified	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my dad told some thing and work. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my daughter told me a a the other day and the other.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my little doggie had a had the other day
26	4	anxious	terrified	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of of. i made made for the of of of my life.
2	4	proud	terrified	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i was't believe matt got 30 million a year. i am afraid of clowns.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so scared of him.
28	4	content	terrified	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i was scared to walk home alone last week and i got a of of of of of of of
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my daughter told me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i am afraid of clowns.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	yesterday i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the street for my life.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my daughter told me some thing i had a work for the birthday. she was so nice and nice.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i i't stand matt walking walking into a street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
20	22	furious	caring	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i wanted to do my to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her.
29	22	impressed	caring	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my little sister told me a was going to the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
12	22	excited	caring	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i wanted to get my mom a show and her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i wanted to work my mom some show and i made her a dinner. it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my daughter told me she was going to a concert on sunday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a love so i made it for the longestr.
29	22	impressed	caring	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	when my friends was a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
2	22	proud	caring	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been so
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i just saw that my mom has a birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	my dad told some thing and i i the other day!
9	22	grateful	caring	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my daughter told her for a party for the birthday. she was the best wait of my life.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i met my girlfriend to a dinner. she. she has never been and loves rollercoasters.
26	22	anxious	caring	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my little doggie had a trip the other day.
26	22	anxious	caring	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i wanted to do my to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her.
2	22	proud	caring	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
28	22	content	caring	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i love my to be awesome
30	22	apprehensive	caring	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her.
10	22	prepared	caring	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i wanted to get my mom a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the longest of of my life.
29	22	impressed	caring	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my daughter told me she was going to a concert on sunday. she has never been so
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year. i am afraid of clowns.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my friends told some thing but i was't expecting. it was the awesome wait of my life.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i wanted to get my home show a year. i made for the longest of of my life.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i wanted to get my home home and. i made dinner. i made made a dinner of of of of my life.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my daughter told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a show i made made a dinner of her.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	taking my friends planned to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my dad told some thing but i wanted to leave a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of i made her for the..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i wanted to do something to show my mom some show i i made for the birthday. i was't wait of my!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my daughter had her for a party for my birthday. she was the wait of my life.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my friends invited me for a party for my birthday. she was the wait of my life.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
28	25	content	anticipating	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am scared to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. i was so nice and alone.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my daughter had me for the other day. she's so nice and nice.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i wanted to get my home show and i made dinner. i made made a dinner of the.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i wanted to get my home home alone last week. i was so nice and..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am scared to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i wanted to get my home home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my daughter told me she was going to a party for my birthday. she was so nice and nice.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so for the world.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i can't believe matt matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	yesterday i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the street. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
31	17	devastated	surprised	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	yesterday i was a kid a show on a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of of her. the world. the world. the world.
7	17	sad	surprised	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i wanted a show that i i't expecting. it's so of of of of of of of of of of her. i thought he would start chasing after me.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was walking home and and ran into a new dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her. the world. the world. the world.
7	17	sad	surprised	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby of all of her of her favorites. i love so i would be able to enjoy them again.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i can't stand matt matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	yesterday i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the street. i was the of of of of of of of of of of my favorites. i thought he would start chasing after me.
31	4	devastated	terrified	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	yesterday i was walking home alone a couple of a year. i made her a of of of of of of of of of of her of her.. i made for the freezer so i would be able to enjoy my.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street for the longest of of my life. i made the for the longest of of my life.
7	4	sad	terrified	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i'm t believe matt matt got a million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street for the longest of of my life. i made the for the longest of of my life.
7	4	sad	terrified	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby of all of her of of of of of of her favorites. i made the for the longest of of her to be able to enjoy them again.
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
13	22	annoyed	caring	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	yesterday i saw a kid walking home the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr of my life.
31	22	devastated	caring	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	yesterday i saw a kid walking home the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for a couple of.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of her of the longest of of her of my favorites. i thought he would start chasing after me.
7	22	sad	caring	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i think this little kid that i love the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was walking home and and ran into a new dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her. the world. the world. the world.
7	22	sad	caring	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my sister always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	i was to to home alone last year. i made her a 5 of of of of of of of of of of of of her. i made for the longestr of my life.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	we was taking a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life. she has been and be able to have a year.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life. i would be able to start them again.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i wanted to do something to show a show some of of of of of of of of of of of her i made her for the longest of of her of her favorites. i made for the freezer so i would be able to enjoy them again.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was walking home and ran into a new that i made for the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her. i thought he would start born after a year.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's been but loves somecoasters. i made wait to the world.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i felt all alone yesterday	i was scared to walk home alone last week
16	17	guilty	surprised	i fell bad about myself	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
14	4	lonely	terrified	i felt all alone yesterday	i was scared to walk home alone last week
16	4	guilty	terrified	i fell bad about myself	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
14	22	lonely	caring	i felt all alone yesterday	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
16	22	guilty	caring	i fell bad about myself	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i felt all alone yesterday	i was scared to walk home alone last week
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i fell bad about myself	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
23	17	trusting	surprised	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
7	17	sad	surprised	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my sister told me she was going to a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	my sister and she are going a lot of of of of of of of of her favorites. i love the future of of of of her favorites.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when my friends was a party for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my dad told some thing i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was't believe matt got got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	my dad told some thing i have a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i i wanted to get my mom a party and her birthday. she was the love so i would be able to
23	4	trusting	terrified	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my sister was me a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
7	4	sad	terrified	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my sister told me some thing i had a trip for the birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	my little kid and had the weeds of a of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	yesterday was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street for my birthday.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my dad told some thing i had a trip the other day. it was the longest wait of my life.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so scared to show home alone last week. i made a a of of of of of of my life.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	my dad told some thing i have a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year. i am afraid of clowns.
23	22	trusting	caring	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
7	22	sad	caring	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my sister told some thing and she was the other day of my favorites. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
21	22	disappointed	caring	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	my little sister and she had the world. the future of of of of of of of of of her favorites.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the longest of of my life.
9	22	grateful	caring	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
15	22	ashamed	caring	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when my friends was a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i met my girlfriend and a 5 year old son. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
26	22	anxious	caring	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my little sister and she had a trip the other. the future of of of of of of of her future.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was the best of of my life.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	my dad just some of and i had a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just saw my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my girlfriend has me for a trip for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend told me for a trip the other day. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	my new family was just this this weekend. she has a nice and of blockss. i he would be able to enjoy them again.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was expecting a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome after me.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	im going on a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my new friends and a party for our birthday. she was the love and of of of of of of of of of things
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just got a raise at work. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i wanted to get my mom a party for my son. i'm so of of things!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i wish i had my mother back!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	came home to find my leftovers gone	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to see taylor swift.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i used to play football in high school	i wanted to get my home paycheck
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was lebron james.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
6	17	angry	surprised	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son just started walking this week.	my dad told some thing
0	17	sentimental	surprised	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	my dad told some thing
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like person who are honestly with me	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat vomited on my rug today	my dad told some thing
12	17	excited	surprised	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	looking through my old yearbook the other day	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust president trump all the way.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	when a kid planned a party for my birthday.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i wish i had my mother back!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	came home to find my leftovers gone	when a friends was a party for my birthday.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to see taylor swift.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i used to play football in high school	i wasnt wait to get my next paycheck
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was lebron james.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
6	4	angry	terrified	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	when a friends threw a party for my birthday.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son just started walking this week.	my daughter told some thing
0	4	sentimental	terrified	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	when a friends was a party for my birthday.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	my dad told some thing
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like person who are honestly with me	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat vomited on my rug today	my dad told some thing
12	4	excited	terrified	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	looking through my old yearbook the other day	when was a home alone last week
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust president trump all the way.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	yesterday i a a a walk home alone last week
14	22	lonely	caring	i wish i had my mother back!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
21	22	disappointed	caring	came home to find my leftovers gone	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to see taylor swift.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i used to play football in high school	i wanted to get my home paycheck
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was lebron james.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
6	22	angry	caring	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
2	22	proud	caring	my son just started walking this week.	my daughter told some thing
0	22	sentimental	caring	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
31	22	devastated	caring	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
23	22	trusting	caring	i like person who are honestly with me	i believe that i would get mycheck
6	22	angry	caring	my cat vomited on my rug today	my dad told some thing
12	22	excited	caring	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
18	22	nostalgic	caring	looking through my old yearbook the other day	when my friends was to disney world
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust president trump all the way.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	when a new friends to my parents
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i wish i had my mother back!	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	came home to find my leftovers gone	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am going to get my next paycheck
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i used to play football in high school	i wanted to get a new home sunday, i made it for the
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was lebron james.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
6	25	angry	anticipating	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son just started walking this week.	my son told some thing
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	my friends threw a party for my birthday.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like person who are honestly with me	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat vomited on my rug today	my dad told some thing
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am scared to walk home alone last week
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	looking through my old yearbook the other day	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am scared to get my next work this.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust president trump all the way.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got a promotion at work my job
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my dad told some thing and i't stand him!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my daughter told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	my little friends and but we had the world. it was the future of of my life.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
28	17	content	surprised	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i made a a of of of of of of of my life.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my dad told some thing and i wanted to leave my birthday. she was so nice and nice.
8	17	jealous	surprised	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my dad told some thing and work. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my daughter told me a thing for work. she's so nice and nice and..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	yesterday i saw walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
28	4	content	terrified	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it made me for a couple blocks.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my dad told some thing and i had a trip to the..
8	4	jealous	terrified	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made a dinner of my..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	yesterday i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my dad told some thing and i can't stand those things!
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my daughter told me she was going to a concert on sunday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was to be awesome after my.
24	22	disgusted	caring	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
16	22	guilty	caring	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
28	22	content	caring	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am afraid of clowns. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my dad told some thing and i was the new to of my friends.
8	22	jealous	caring	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i wanted my friend to get my mom some show and i made for her birthday.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i i to my home and disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my dad told some thing and i't expecting. it's been awesome
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my daughter told me she had a trip for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i'm going to a concert on sunday. i can't wait to expect it.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
28	25	content	anticipating	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my dad told some thing and i wanted to leave. she was so nice and nice.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i wanted to get my home show after work. i made it for the longestr
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i wanted to get my home planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was going to a party on my mom. it was the longest wait of my life.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her favorites. i love so i would be able to enjoy them again.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so i would be able to enjoy them again.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her favorites. i love so for the world.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so i would be able to enjoy them again.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my sister told me she was going to a concert on sunday, i she she would be able to have a all of her own. she loves the street and so she would be able to enjoy them again.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my dad told me she was going to a concert on sunday, i love it to be awesome of her of her favorites. i made made the of of of of her of her favorites. she would be able to enjoy them again.
10	22	prepared	caring	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my sister told me she was going to a concert on sunday, she has a nice of of of of her of her favorites. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my dad told me she was going to a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life. she has been and be able to have them again.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	yesterday i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters. i was't expecting.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	yesterday i was walking home and ran into a dog. it chased me for a couple of of of my life. i thought he would start chasing after me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my dad told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
21	22	disappointed	caring	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	yesterday i saw a kid of my mom a disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my sister and she was i was the best to of my parents. she has never been and loves rollercoasters.
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm afraid of spiders. i can't stand those things!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	i was going to a home on my mom, i got a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my dad told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters. i made it to be awesome.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
6	17	angry	surprised	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	my little sisterieie a few a trip for the.. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	my dad told some thing a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
28	17	content	surprised	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	when my friends was a party for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
20	17	furious	surprised	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i was walking home and and ran into a new dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	my dad told some thing and i had a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
6	4	angry	terrified	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	my little heart downie had a trip for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my dad told some thing and work and i have a the of of of of of of of of her favorites. i love he would be able to enjoy them again.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	my dad told some thing a party for my birthday. she was the longest of of of of of of of of of my favorites.
28	4	content	terrified	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	my dad was a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
20	4	furious	terrified	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	my little kid was a had a trip the other.. it was the longest wait of my life.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street for my life.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	yesterday i saw walking down the street and i afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i was the longest wait of my life.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	yesterday i saw walking walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
6	22	angry	caring	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	my little heartieie for a couple of days. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
31	22	devastated	caring	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my sister told me she was going to have a baby of my of all of her favorites. i love so she would be able to enjoy them again.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	my dad told some thing and a concert on sunday. i love it to be awesome of her of her favorites.
28	22	content	caring	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
16	22	guilty	caring	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	when my friends was a party for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
20	22	furious	caring	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	my little kid and our family was just born this weekend. it was a nice of of of life.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i wanted to get my mom some show and i thought i would start a after me.
14	22	lonely	caring	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	when my friends and our family was just born this weekend. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i wanted to was my to show my mom a couple of of of of i love her for the longest of of my life.
6	25	angry	anticipating	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my dad told some thing and work and she. i'm afraid of her!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	my friends planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
28	25	content	anticipating	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	my friends planned a party for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was awesome awesome!
20	25	furious	anticipating	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so for the world.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i wanted to get my home year old to show her a birthday. i made made for the longestr of my life.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr of my life.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	" i saw kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i wanted to get my mom a show after work. i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i made made the for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i was't believe matt got got 30 million a year. i wasn't expecting. it was the awesomer
8	17	jealous	surprised	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr of my life.
9	17	grateful	surprised	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my sister told me she was going to a party for my birthday. she was the longest of of of of her life.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life. i love so i made the for the longest of of her of my life.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i can't believe matt matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
19	4	confident	terrified	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street for the longest of of my life. i made the for the longest of of my life.
8	4	jealous	terrified	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my dad told some thing and had a trip the other day. it was the longest wait of my life.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of of her. the world. the world.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
19	22	confident	caring	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
8	22	jealous	caring	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr of my life.
9	22	grateful	caring	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my sister told her she was going to a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
2	22	proud	caring	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of her life.
16	22	guilty	caring	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i can't believe matt matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my dad told me some thing i had a trip for the birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome of my life. i made awesome of the future for the future.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things! i'm afraid of clowns. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things! i'm afraid of clowns. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things! i'' t stand those things!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things! i'm just these days
12	17	excited	surprised	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i thought he would start chasing after me.
12	4	excited	terrified	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i thought he would start chasing after me.
12	22	excited	caring	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	" i'm afraid of my. i love so i would be able to of them again. i love so much of those things!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i'' t believe matt matt got a million a year. i'm afraid of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i'm t believe matt matt got a million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i'' t believe matt matt got 30 a year. i'm afraid of of of of of of of of of of of of of her..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm afraid of of of of things. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i told a little to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when my friend wanted to borrow money	my dad told some thing
10	17	prepared	surprised	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
2	17	proud	surprised	my son took his first steps.	my dad told some thing
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i looked through an old photo album	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
14	17	lonely	surprised	me and my girlfriend broke up.	my dad told some thing
20	17	furious	surprised	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	my dad told some thing
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss my times in college.	i i to get my next paycheck
5	17	joyful	surprised	i got a scholarship for college.	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i was to walk home alone last week
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when my friend wanted to borrow money	my dad told some thing
10	4	prepared	terrified	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
2	4	proud	terrified	my son took his first steps.	my daughter told some thing
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i looked through an old photo album	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
14	4	lonely	terrified	me and my girlfriend broke up.	my dad told some thing
20	4	furious	terrified	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	my dad told some thing
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss my times in college.	i i to find my home dinner yesterday.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i got a scholarship for college.	i i to a home alone last week.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i told a new to my parents
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when my friend wanted to borrow money	my dad told some thing
10	22	prepared	caring	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	i believe it to the new job.
2	22	proud	caring	my son took his first steps.	my daughter told some thing
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i looked through an old photo album	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
14	22	lonely	caring	me and my girlfriend broke up.	my little dad told some thing
20	22	furious	caring	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	my dad told some thing
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss my times in college.	i i to my to a concert on sunday.
5	22	joyful	caring	i got a scholarship for college.	when i got my to a trip to disney world.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i wanted to get a new job my
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when my friend wanted to borrow money	my dad told some thing
10	25	prepared	anticipating	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son took his first steps.	my son told some thing
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i looked through an old photo album	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
14	25	lonely	anticipating	me and my girlfriend broke up.	my friends planned a party for my birthday.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	my dad told some thing
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss my times in college.	i am going to a concert on sunday.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i got a scholarship for college.	i got a promotion at my birthday.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	yesterday i saw a kid walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i thought he would start chasing after me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	yesterday i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the street. i was the of of of of of of my life.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks. the longest of of my life.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i wanted to was my to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome of my life. i made awesome of the future for the future.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome of my awesome
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	my dad told me she was going to a concert on sunday, i she she would be able to have some of of her of her favorites. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	my dad told me we had a trip the other day. it was the longest wait of my life. she has a nice and of of of of her of her favorites. i made the for the longestr of my own to be able to enjoy my.
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	my dad told me she was going to a trip of her of of of of of of her favorites. she has a nice of of of of of her favorites. i made the for the future of her own.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters. i thought he would start chasing after me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	" i was walking home and planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest of of of of my life. she would be able to start them again.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	" i was walking home alone last year and i got a of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her. i love the to of of of of of of of of of her favorites.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	" i was walking home and old and of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her i wanted to start her own year old son. i love so i made her a much of of of of her of her own.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters. i love so i would be able to enjoy them again.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	my dad told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves some thing and.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	my dad told me and a party for my birthday. she was the longest of of of of of of of of of her favorites. i made the for the longest of of her of my favorites.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	my dad told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has been and loves the world. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters. i thought he would be awesome after me.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of her. the world. the world. the world.
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life. i was the longest wait of my life.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	yesterday i saw a kid a old of the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	my dad and she was was the trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks. the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street for the longest of of my life. i made the for the longest of of my life.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longest of of my life.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	yesterday was walking home and ran into a couple of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her. i made her for the longestr
20	22	furious	caring	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of her of my favorites. i made for the longestr of my life.
19	22	confident	caring	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of her. the world. the world. the world.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	yesterday i saw a kid of our family was just born this weekend. i was the longest wait of my life.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. it was the longest wait of my life.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her. the world. the world.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome of the world. it was the longest wait of my life.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i wanted to get my mom a year old son. i made her a all of her of her of her favorites. i made her for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i wanted to do my to my mom some old and i made her a dinner of her of her of her favorites. i made her for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	my dad told me she was going to a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	yesterday i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the street. i was the longest of of my life.
7	17	sad	surprised	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her of her of her of her of her favorites. i made for the freezer so i would be able to enjoy them again.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it. i made her a of of of of of her of her favorites. i made made for the freezer so i would be able to enjoy them again.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i was the longest wait of my life.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	yesterday i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks. the street. i thought he would start chasing after me.
7	4	sad	terrified	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites. i thought he would start chasing after me.
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i wanted to do my mom some old to show her a baby. her friends of her of her favorites. i made her for the longestr so she would be able to enjoy them again.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	my dad told some thing and met a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the longest of of my life. the longest of of of of of of of of of of of her. the world.
7	22	sad	caring	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her of her of her of her favorites. i made her for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i wanted to get my mom a year old son. she has never been but loves some of of of of her of her favorites. i made her for the longestr so she would be able to enjoy them again.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	yesterday i planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life. i would be able to start my after me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her of her of her of her of her favorites. i made for the freezer so i would be able to enjoy them again.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has been so but loves some of ands. i thought he would be able after him.. she's so nice and
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves some of all of her favorites. i love so she would be able to enjoy them again.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has been and loves some of ands. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my dad told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has been so but loves rollercoasters. i thought he would be able after him.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my daughter told me she was going to a concert on sunday, she has a nice of of of of her of her favorites. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
6	17	angry	surprised	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	my dad told some thing i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life. she has a nice and of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my daughter was me for a couple of blocks. the world. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites. the future of of of of her favorites. the world. the future would be able to enjoy them again.
6	4	angry	terrified	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the street. i thought he would be awesome after me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my daughter told me she was going to the a of of her of her of her of her favorites. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
6	22	angry	caring	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	" my girlfriend and she was a couple of blocks for my parents. she has a nice of of of of of of of her of her favorites. the world. the world. the future is so to be able to enjoy them again.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my daughter has me and had a trip for the.. she has never been but loves the world. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i got a kid of work that i met for the new.. i was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of of my favorites. i would start her for the longest of of my life.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my daughter told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has so nice and nice and.. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my daughter told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she was the best of of of of her of her favorites. i made for the longestr so she would be able to enjoy them again.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my daughter told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has been so but loves the world. she's so nice and nice and.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and.. i made made for the longestr so she would be able to enjoy them again.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i was walking home and and ran into a new dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her when she got a kid of of of of of of her. the street. i thought she would be able to enjoy my again.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street for the longest of of my life. she has a nice of of of of of of of her of her. the street. i love so of the world.
31	22	devastated	caring	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i was walking home and and ran into a new dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her when she got a kid of of of of of of her..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome of of of of of of of of of of of of of her. i love the future of of of of her.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
2	17	proud	surprised	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a of of of of my life.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i was so scared to show my. i made a a of of of of my life.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i was scared to walk home alone last week
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	my little doggie had a had the other day
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so scared to show my. i made a couple of of.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longestr of my life.
31	17	devastated	surprised	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	my dad told some thing but i was't expecting. it was the worstr
7	17	sad	surprised	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	when my friends was a party for my birthday. it was a nice of of
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was a couple of.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to get my home show a year. i made it for the birthday.
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a little of spiders for my life.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i wanted to get my home paycheck
1	17	afraid	surprised	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	yesterday i saw a kid of a street. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a little of
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was't believe matt got got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i knew i was going to my home alone last week
31	17	devastated	surprised	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	my dad told some thing i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the wait be awesome
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so scared of clowns. i can't stand those things!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
2	4	proud	terrified	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a of of of my friends.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i was so scared to walk home alone last week. i was a of of of of my life.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i was scared to walk home alone last week
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	my littleieie a had a trip the other day
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a of of of of my life.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my dad told some thing i had a party for my birthday.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
31	4	devastated	terrified	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	my friends was to dinner party last weekend. it was a nice of of of
7	4	sad	terrified	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	yesterday was a home alone last week. i was a kid of my.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i i't stand clowns. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a of of spiders.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i wasn't expecting when i got a million a year.
1	4	afraid	terrified	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was scared to walk home alone last week
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was't believe matt got got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple days.
31	4	devastated	terrified	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	yesterday a kid a walk home alone last week
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my little doggie had a had the other day
8	22	jealous	caring	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am afraid of clowns. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
2	22	proud	caring	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
1	22	afraid	caring	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
14	22	lonely	caring	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i was so afraid of my.. i was to start my for a couple.
6	22	angry	caring	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am afraid of clowns. i wanted to start my
30	22	apprehensive	caring	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	my little doggie had a trip the other day
5	22	joyful	caring	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was of my for my life.
20	22	furious	caring	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my dad told some thing i have a party for my birthday.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
31	22	devastated	caring	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	my little friends and she was a party for my birthday.
7	22	sad	caring	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	when my friends was a party for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year.
26	22	anxious	caring	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
2	22	proud	caring	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to get my mycheck
28	22	content	caring	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a trip to disney world.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i wanted to get my momcheck
1	22	afraid	caring	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	yesterday i saw a kid of my mom a year. the world. it was the longest wait of my life.
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
29	22	impressed	caring	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was't believe matt got got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i knew my to was going to my home alone last week
31	22	devastated	caring	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	when my friends was a party for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my little doggie had a day for the birthday.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am scared to walk home alone this week. i am afraid of clowns.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am scared to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so scared to work on sunday. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am scared to walk home alone last week
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	for a new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my dad told some thing i have a party for my birthday.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
31	25	devastated	anticipating	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	my friends planned a party for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
7	25	sad	anticipating	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	im going on a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i wanted to get my next paycheck
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i wanted to get a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was scared to walk home alone last week
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was't wait for this weekend. i was so scared to be awesome.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my friends threw some thing but a party for my birthday.
10	17	prepared	surprised	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has been so loves some of all of her own. she loves the street. she's so nice and but i have to be able to enjoy her again.
10	4	prepared	terrified	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband and kid were our a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life. she has been and loves the world.
10	22	prepared	caring	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my sister and she was a baby of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites. i love the to of her of her own. she has never been but loves to have a year.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my girlfriend has a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves some of of of of of of her of her favorites. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her favorites. i made made for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
6	17	angry	surprised	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	my dad told me but we had a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm t believe matt matt got a million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so i made her a the of of her of her.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i made made for the freezer so i would be able to enjoy them again.
6	4	angry	terrified	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	yesterday we was walking home and ran into a couple of blocks. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made me for a couple of of.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her of of of of of of her favorites. i thought he would start chasing after me.
16	22	guilty	caring	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her favorites. i made love for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
6	22	angry	caring	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. it was the longest wait of my life.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i can't believe matt matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i wanted to do my and show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her of her favorites. i love so i would be able to enjoy them again.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so i made her a nice of of of her
6	25	angry	anticipating	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so i made the for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
3	17	faithful	surprised	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	my dad told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
3	4	faithful	terrified	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	my dad told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
3	22	faithful	caring	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	my dad told me she was going to have a baby of my of of of of of of of her favorites. i made for the future for her.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	my dad told some thing but i'm afraid of of of of of of of of of of of of things i wanted to start my for a year. i love so i would be able to enjoy them again.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	my parents and i were a this weekend. it was the longest wait of my life. she has been and loves the world.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my girlfriend has a older and of of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites. i thought he would start a " " " " " " "
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters. i thought he would start chasing after me.
6	17	angry	surprised	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	when my friends told some thing
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i wanted to get my momcheck
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my dad told some thing i'' t stand it.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	that i wanted to get my workcheck
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i wasn't expecting it got a promotion!
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my dad told some thing
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a coupler
16	17	guilty	surprised	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	my little told some thing i had a trip
8	17	jealous	surprised	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
14	17	lonely	surprised	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	my dad told some thing
1	17	afraid	surprised	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	yesterday i a a a a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
2	17	proud	surprised	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i i't believe my got 30 million a year.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was scared to walk home alone last week
7	17	sad	surprised	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my daughter told some thing
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	my dad told some thing
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i was able to get my home show a week
6	4	angry	terrified	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	when i was to my parents planned a trip to disney world.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i wasn't expecting when i got a promotion.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
31	4	devastated	terrified	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my dad told some thing i'' t stand it.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was
23	4	trusting	terrified	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i wasn't expecting when got a promotion!
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my dad told some thing
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a coupler
16	4	guilty	terrified	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
14	4	lonely	terrified	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	my little doggie had a thing the other day
1	4	afraid	terrified	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i was scared to walk home alone last week
14	4	lonely	terrified	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i i to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome.
2	4	proud	terrified	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was scared to walk home alone last week
7	4	sad	terrified	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my daughter told some thing i had a party for the birthday.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	my littleieie a party for my birthday.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was a couple of
6	22	angry	caring	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
23	22	trusting	caring	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	when my friends told some thing
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i wanted to get my momcheck
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
31	22	devastated	caring	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my dad always some thing and i't stand them.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	im that i to disney world, it was the awesome
27	22	hopeful	caring	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i was to my home and disney world. it was the day
23	22	trusting	caring	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i wanted to get my newcheck
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my dad told some thing
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was able to walk home alone last week
16	22	guilty	caring	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	every sunday, i to disney world. it was the future be awesome.
8	22	jealous	caring	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
14	22	lonely	caring	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	my little doggie had the other day
1	22	afraid	caring	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	when a new addition to my parents just born this weekend.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
14	22	lonely	caring	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i told a little to disney world. it was the love be awesome.
2	22	proud	caring	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i think my friend to get my birthday
14	22	lonely	caring	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was scared to walk home alone last week
7	22	sad	caring	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my daughter told some thing
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i wanted to get my home work and
6	25	angry	anticipating	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i wanted to get my next paycheck
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my dad always some thing and i'm going on a date.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i wanted to get my home alone last week
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i wanted to get a new job my next year
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my dad told some thing
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
16	25	guilty	anticipating	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	my dad told some thing
1	25	afraid	anticipating	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am scared to walk home alone this week. i am afraid of clowns.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of
2	25	proud	anticipating	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i can't wait my next paycheck
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was scared to walk home alone last week
7	25	sad	anticipating	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my daughter told some thing
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i wanted to get my drivers licensecheck
19	17	confident	surprised	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i was walking home and ran into a new dog. it was the longest of of my life.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was't believe matt got got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my sister told some thing but i had a trip to the birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	yesterday i saw a kid walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns.
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday i saw a kid walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	my dad told some thing and i have a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	yesterday i saw a kid walking home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	yesterday was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am scared to walk home alone last week i wanted to be my of of of of of of of of of things
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
29	17	impressed	surprised	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	my dad told some thing i a party for my birthday. she has never been and loves rollercoasters.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	yesterday was walking home alone last week and saw a 5 of of of of of of of of of of of of
19	4	confident	terrified	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	yesterday i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the street for my birthday.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was't stand matt when i was't expecting. it was a awesome of my life.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad told some thing i had a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i i't stand a horror walking into my.. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
10	4	prepared	terrified	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	yesterday was walking home alone last week and ran into a dog. it. the longest of of my life.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am scared to walk home alone last week i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so scared of him.
29	4	impressed	terrified	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	my little kidie had a had a trip the other day. it was the longest wait of my life.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
19	22	confident	caring	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i wanted a kid and planned and disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was't believe matt got got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
19	22	confident	caring	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
8	22	jealous	caring	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my sister told some thing and a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was the love to of my life.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i met my girlfriend and met a couple of year. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
15	22	ashamed	caring	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday i saw a kid of the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just my to my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i wanted to was my mom planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
10	22	prepared	caring	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	yesterday was my kid to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am afraid of clowns. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
29	22	impressed	caring	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	my dad told some thing and a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	i wanted to get my home home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i wanted to get a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad told some thing and work and i am afraid of the future.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was a couple of of of my life.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm pretty anxious about it.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i wanted to get my home show this year. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was walking to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just got a promotion at my mom. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i wanted to get my home home alone last week. i was a to of all of my life.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	i was going to a home on sunday, i thought it would be awesome after me.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am scared to walk home alone last week i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
29	25	impressed	anticipating	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i thought i would get my workcheck. i was afraid of clowns.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a show of of of of my favorites.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my dad told some thing but i was't expecting.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just't believe matt got 30 million a year.
28	17	content	surprised	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i was't believe matt got got 30 million a year.
12	17	excited	surprised	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	my dad told some thing i wanted to get my birthday
28	17	content	surprised	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	yesterday i was walking home and planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a show of of of
28	17	content	surprised	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so scared to show my. i can't stand those things!
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my sister told some thing but i was't expecting. it.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was walking to and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
28	17	content	surprised	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	yesterday i saw a kid walking home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns.
7	17	sad	surprised	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
8	17	jealous	surprised	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	my dad told some thing i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
7	17	sad	surprised	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	my dad told some thing and i had a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street for my birthday.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some show and i made for a couple of.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my dad told some thing and work. i was't expecting.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i i't stand my to a concert on sunday. i am afraid of clowns.
28	4	content	terrified	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i was scared to walk home alone last week
12	4	excited	terrified	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
28	4	content	terrified	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	yesterday i was walking home alone last week. i was a kid of my..
16	4	guilty	terrified	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some show so i made a dinner of my.
28	4	content	terrified	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my dad told some thing and work. i'm so nice and..
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it made me for a couple blocks.
28	4	content	terrified	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
7	4	sad	terrified	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
8	4	jealous	terrified	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	my dad told some thing i had a trip to other day.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
7	4	sad	terrified	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	my dad told some thing and work and i had a trip to disney world.
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i thought that my parents was a party for my birthday.
9	22	grateful	caring	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i wanted to get my momcheck and i made her a couple of.
6	22	angry	caring	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my dad told some thing and work. she was s birthday.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just saw my to my a party for my birthday.
28	22	content	caring	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
10	22	prepared	caring	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
12	22	excited	caring	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
28	22	content	caring	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i wanted to was my to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
16	22	guilty	caring	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner.
28	22	content	caring	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my sister told some thing but she was just born this weekend.
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was to be awesome
28	22	content	caring	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	yesterday i saw a kid of a year. i love her for the world.
7	22	sad	caring	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was a to of my
8	22	jealous	caring	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday. she has never been
14	22	lonely	caring	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i was to my home and planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
7	22	sad	caring	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	my dad told some thing and i had a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i wanted to get a promotion at work. i am afraid of clowns.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i wanted to get my next paycheck
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my friends threw a party for my birthday. she was so nice and nice.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have to do a date this year. i am so for a couple of.
28	25	content	anticipating	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i can't wait for my next paycheck
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i was going to get my next show this week
12	25	excited	anticipating	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made awesome
28	25	content	anticipating	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i wanted to get my home home alone last week. i was so nice and..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some show so i made a dinner of
28	25	content	anticipating	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so scared to show concert. i can't wait to expect it
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my dad told some thing and work. she's been.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was awesome awesome.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday. she was so nice and awesome.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i wanted to get my home home alone last week
7	25	sad	anticipating	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when my friends threw a party for my birthday. she was so nice and awesome.
6	17	angry	surprised	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my daughter told me she had a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves some thing ands.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i wanted a kid that i was to show my of some of. i made made a of of of of of of of of her. i made for the longestr of my life.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of her. the longest of of of of of my favorites.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street for the longest of of my life. she has a nice and of of of her..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i wanted to do my to show my mom a couple of of her friends. i made her for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life.
6	17	angry	surprised	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	my dad told some thing but i was the other day of my favorites. i am afraid of clowns. he would be able to enjoy them again.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i i saw that my kid a show of my. i thought he would start chasing after me. i was the longest wait of my life.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
6	4	angry	terrified	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my daughter told me she had a trip for the birthday. she was the longest of of of of of her favorites.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her of her of her of her of her of her.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks. the longest of of of of of of of of my life.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street for the longest of of my life.......
9	4	grateful	terrified	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks. the longest of of my life.
6	4	angry	terrified	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr of my life.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life. i made the for the longest of of my life.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
6	22	angry	caring	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my daughter told me she had a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves some thing ands.
23	22	trusting	caring	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her of her favorites. i love so for the world.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of her life.
20	22	furious	caring	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of her. the world. the world. the world.
9	22	grateful	caring	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i wanted to do my to my mom some old and. i made her a dinner of her of her of her.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the longest of of my life.
6	22	angry	caring	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	this new addition to our family was just born this weekend. it was a nice of of of of of of of of life.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
12	22	excited	caring	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i wanted to do my mom some show and i i made her a 5 of of of her favorites. i made her for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
16	22	guilty	caring	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i met my girlfriend and some of. i love so i made her a the of of of of her.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my daughter told me she had a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so i made the for the longestr
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome of of of of of of of of of of of her life.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome of of of of of of of of of her. i made for the longestr of my life.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i wanted to get my home home and a couple of days. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome of my awesome of of of of of of things
6	25	angry	anticipating	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i wanted to get my mom a show and i made her a all of the longest wait of my life.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so for the world.
