28	25	content	anticipating	lifes going good right now	my 30th pasta is tomorrow!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i became a dad today.	i won a lottery.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my favorite fish died : (	my birth of my twins
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an exam tomorrow.	i really am my favorite date.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i was ready for my exams	i was robbed
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am terrified of clows	i am so proud of my colleagues
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	when my child lied to me	when taking a test
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	donald trump makes me sick.	my favorite show is getting..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the teeth of some patients!	the rain of pasta!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared walking home alone	i was very happy
20	25	furious	anticipating	they through thinner on my car	i was my my certification exams
7	25	sad	anticipating	i watched a depressing movie	i just a a new job
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife so much	i love my favorite
2	25	proud	anticipating	my husband got a promotion!	my dad got a brand new car
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i pray for better days.	i won free lottery..
28	4	content	terrified	lifes going good right now	my socks cant
9	4	grateful	terrified	i became a dad today.	i thought my ex was win.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my favorite fish died : (	my rent increased
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an exam tomorrow.	i wish i was win gold.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i was ready for my exams	i was robbed
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am terrified of clows	i am so sad i lost the
21	4	disappointed	terrified	when my child lied to me	when my boss fired
24	4	disgusted	terrified	donald trump makes me sick.	my socks can juggle..
29	4	impressed	terrified	the teeth of some patients!	the rain i ordered
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared when i was home
20	4	furious	terrified	they through thinner on my car	when i hit my my
7	4	sad	terrified	i watched a depressing movie	i just i was a ghost last night
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife so much	i can
2	4	proud	terrified	my husband got a promotion!	my friend got a huge scholarship
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i pray for better days.	i think i win the rain.
28	22	content	caring	lifes going good right now	my wife makes me feel so
9	22	grateful	caring	i became a dad today.	i just found my friend.
31	22	devastated	caring	my favorite fish died : (	my rent increased
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an exam tomorrow.	i wish my father's birthday.
10	22	prepared	caring	i was ready for my exams	i was robbed my brother
1	22	afraid	caring	i am terrified of clows	i am so brian lawyer stole from my
21	22	disappointed	caring	when my child lied to me	when my dad lied to me
24	22	disgusted	caring	donald trump makes me sick.	my socks makes me.
29	22	impressed	caring	the teeth of some patients!	the of my favorite restaurant
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared walking home alone	i was mad when i found out
20	22	furious	caring	they through thinner on my car	when i broke my favorit glasses
7	22	sad	caring	i watched a depressing movie	i just found that i i i cheated on
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much
2	22	proud	caring	my husband got a promotion!	my dad got my dream car
27	22	hopeful	caring	i pray for better days.	i miss my gramma so much.
28	17	content	surprised	lifes going good right now	my aunt can juggle 6 years.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i became a dad today.	i wish my father was my birthday.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my favorite fish died : (	my rent increased
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an exam tomorrow.	i wish i was my favorite fiction.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i was ready for my exams	i was robbed
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am terrified of clows	i am so i survived the trump
21	17	disappointed	surprised	when my child lied to me	when my boss fired
24	17	disgusted	surprised	donald trump makes me sick.	my socks can juggle..
29	17	impressed	surprised	the teeth of some patients!	when my healths
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared walking home alone	i was crushed when i was lebron james
20	17	furious	surprised	they through thinner on my car	when i finished my my
7	17	sad	surprised	i watched a depressing movie	i just i i was a musica.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife so much	when i am getting married
2	17	proud	surprised	my husband got a promotion!	my friend got a huge scholarship
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i pray for better days.	i think i was win gold.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i am just finishing by my new.. i have to be in the house for 4 years.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	just bought a new house recently. it's been nice to be to to be..
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i got a promotion at work..... i've been been in my for for years.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last week a new at a, i was very happy of it. i was so.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i've got a really good job. i've been so much to my years.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was driving on the road and i found a really good i was i i was not get it
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	today is the last week, i am. i. i can't it it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so happy with my.. i just got promoted and not like it
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i just a a new weight.. i'm really happy that it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i was watching olympic madrid on uefa... i am really looking forward to this year
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i really liked exercising and, but i'm not in the. i can't wait!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i was hoping for my favorite show. i just got up and it was not
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a a new restaurant. it was really nice and i i feel like.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i just got a raise at work. it was really hard. it was a.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my son will be turning two months and i am't to to to.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am a a man with my... i is such a nice time.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so happy for that i just can get the of this weekend
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i am in a cornhole tournament with my.. i am not to and this is not good.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	our kids just started getting married.. i i'm really to to to to the.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my husbands open heart surgery for monday was postponed. we have to deal with kidney related issues now.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just a a of of weight.. i feel like for in my..
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm taking my first to a a for a first time! i'' t know how i can it!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	in 2015, i was in high school, i was severely happy... i was happy.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't believe my ex was in in a car.. i had to cancel last month.
10	4	prepared	terrified	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	one time i've been a a yoga place. i i't't have to it it.
28	4	content	terrified	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i thought a new i was going on.... i i i up in the the..
8	4	jealous	terrified	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last time i was in a a and i was a.. i was so scared.
19	4	confident	terrified	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i haven't seen a horror in so long. i've been to to be so much time.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was scared when when i was was able to get the other day! i couldn't believe it
0	4	sentimental	terrified	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	every time i go to the gym. i'm afraid of the people that i't happen.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so scared. i just heard out of my on my own and i't
19	4	confident	terrified	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i just a friend's i was so. i feel so bad i i feel bad
9	4	grateful	terrified	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i remember so much the gym in class. i was't like anyris ill.
12	4	excited	terrified	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't believe i was in the. i'm so scared. i can't
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i felt so good in my neighborhood. i did not want to be in to destroy me
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a a restaurant and i was pleasantly.. i. i feel like i'm so..
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i once saw a movie that was at my.. i was so. i was't believe it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my daughter is not to a.. i i'm t to to to to.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am so scared to my son. i in a a.. i i have to.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so i i can get to see the of the movie i i like to
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i thought my a new popular class and i i i i i could not in. i.
10	4	prepared	terrified	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	everytime i make a a tournament and i. i i the the the the. it is like that.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my daughter used to be in a... i'' t have to to to up.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just a lottery of cake.... i think i have with my..
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i was't get my my my my my last night. i was't know what i i was
10	4	prepared	terrified	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	when was in the gym, i was scared. i was scared. i was to to and paranoid.
26	22	anxious	caring	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i felt really when i had my son's house for the. he. he's been a for years now.
10	22	prepared	caring	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	my girlfriend just had a baby. she's been to for for years and i'm not to her.
28	22	content	caring	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i just a friend that was not.... the the of me and it it is me me..
8	22	jealous	caring	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	yesterday, i got caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine. i felt so bad.
19	22	confident	caring	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i didn't have a job. i'm so much and i'm to to with my.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the when i was told i didn't get the promotion at work i wanted
0	22	sentimental	caring	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	yesterday, i work that the the the i i that i had't have to...
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so mad. my son is not working and and for me. i am not to to
19	22	confident	caring	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i just found out that my wife i i't have. i feel so bad about it.
9	22	grateful	caring	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i feel so guilty for i was my. my's house. i feel. i miss him.
12	22	excited	caring	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i feel like that i can can't get my and and it's not to, i can't
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i felt bad when i just told my my not not to to to. i i not want
27	22	hopeful	caring	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a girl that i was.... i't have it feel bad about it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i once found out that my was was cheating on me. i was so upset with it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my wife just me me.. i'm not to to to about to do.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am upset with my friend. not having a to. i have to to..
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am upset that i didn not t get to see my i wanted to.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i lost my credit card and i it have a with them. i i i to to for me.
10	22	prepared	caring	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	my kids just installed.. i dont have to to for the.. the time is not.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my sister just moved to. we moved to and i to get. i'm not to to..
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just my my favorite restaurant earlier. i have been been for for the whole.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i was't my my friend's car for the weekend, but i had to get it it's so
10	22	prepared	caring	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	yesterday, was was,,, i was severely upset, i was that was me me.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can i can see my son's on his own.. i. i's been a week.
10	17	prepared	surprised	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	my wife just's a new puppy.. she's so hard to me so i'm so happy.
28	17	content	surprised	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i think i got a new a.... i. it is so my favorite..
8	17	jealous	surprised	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	when i got a new mark on my computer, i was a a it was
19	17	confident	surprised	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i think i've got a new job. i. i'm t to it anywhere else.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was when i was was was, i was i was i was so was so happy! i was so
0	17	sentimental	surprised	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	today, i was watching the world cup.. i was amazed at how good the players are.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so happy i i just my my my.. i can i can't to see
19	17	confident	surprised	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i just found that i am getting a bonus from my.. i am so happy about it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	when i was younger i i am getting so much.... i i've been in a
12	17	excited	surprised	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can i can believe in my eyes. i can't believe how so it was so! and i was
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i felt so when i i won a song in my advanced thrones. i wish i could
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just watched a new avengers.. i was so. i am a with a waste of my.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i i i saw a new i was very.. it was so. i was so was so
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my friend just getting married.. i am really torn up and i am to.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am so happy my son has been in in in class.. i i to him.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so i can believe i can get to see how the new i i just
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i watched my favorite show on a. i i i to to in a a..
10	17	prepared	surprised	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	my softball team just lost the season championship by 1 run in extra innings. i am so disappointed.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my friend just competed up. i was to to. i. i to to to to to.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just my new restaurant is in a.........
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i was't my my brother's car in a week. i was't believe he did!
10	17	prepared	surprised	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	when i was younger, i was was so happy... i was a to and and i was so.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am am my my for my my..
28	25	content	anticipating	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i just won the lottery tournament this..
12	25	excited	anticipating	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	i of my favorite semester in a..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i was happy my my graduated college.
7	25	sad	anticipating	when i had to get rid of my animals	i got to get my job last week
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my first got a new car i wanted
12	25	excited	anticipating	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	to go to a concert..'s so.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my sister went back for my birthday.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have no friends at my new job.	i won a lottery ticket last week.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it's been such a terrific week!	i just't get a my my.. i feel so happy
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i was really banking on getting a promotion.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i love being very well
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my exam next week.	i was awaiting my first date last week.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so proud of my son.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a test in a month from now	i just a a new car my my last year
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was really banking when i was i was
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i was the last last week was super happy.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when my friend said she would return my car	my birthday bought me last weekend.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just won the lottery!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all the material for the exam.	i won the lottery last night.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	eating at the buffet i i i really happy
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so happy when my son was born.
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i am really pleased with myself..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was elon musk.	i was really disappointed when my son was born.
28	4	content	terrified	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am so i am my my my on vacation.
28	4	content	terrified	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i think i is getting a bonus this morning. i hate being.
12	4	excited	terrified	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	when my house burned down in school. i felt so.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i was so when i failed my my test
7	4	sad	terrified	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to get my i got
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	the first i i got was in my my
12	4	excited	terrified	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	one time i was robbed to my..
14	4	lonely	terrified	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my friend canceled on me last minute.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have no friends at my new job.	i just i would win the lottery.
5	4	joyful	terrified	it's been such a terrific week!	it i's a birthday party i i'm so.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i was scared when i wast go on time.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i did not win
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my exam next week.	i was i was my my my my final exam.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so i survived all my my.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a test in a month from now	i just a friend of mine on my last week.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was really when i it win the lottery
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i remember when i was the i was.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when my friend said she would return my car	my brother did not get the first time
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just i can win the lottery
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all the material for the exam.	i remember the first i was in class.
16	4	guilty	terrified	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	when lightening hit me i was very scared
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so happy when i was my prison
28	4	content	terrified	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i am really sad that i will be touring this year.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was elon musk.	i was so when i ate the lottery.
28	22	content	caring	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am upset that my stole my money from.
28	22	content	caring	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i missed my favorite's cheesecake. i feel bad.
12	22	excited	caring	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	my my favorite cake ate my favorite ate the whole.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i was upset when my brother canceled on my birthday
7	22	sad	caring	when i had to get rid of my animals	i i knew i had my friend to get home
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my dad got my dream car i wanted
12	22	excited	caring	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	my dad was my birthday. she was me.
14	22	lonely	caring	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my sister left for my birthday..
14	22	lonely	caring	i have no friends at my new job.	i just found my friend i cheated on my..
5	22	joyful	caring	it's been such a terrific week!	i just found't get my my my. i feel so bad.
12	22	excited	caring	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i felt bad when i found out my wife cheated on me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i just ate that i feel so bad
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my exam next week.	i was upset when my brother canceled on my birthday.
29	22	impressed	caring	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so that my brother stole from school.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a test in a month from now	i just my my friend a a a a..
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i felt bad when i couldnt get the day
19	22	confident	caring	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i cried the night i i found out my friend was.
23	22	trusting	caring	when my friend said she would return my car	my dad died last my car and i.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the i cant stand my
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all the material for the exam.	i cried the night i found out my brother.
16	22	guilty	caring	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	the last, i it get my i felt so bad
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so mad when i found out my wife
28	22	content	caring	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i am really that i've been single.
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was elon musk.	i felt bad when i broke my favorite house.
28	17	content	surprised	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am so i survived my son my son.
28	17	content	surprised	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	every time i am just in......
12	17	excited	surprised	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	when my house burned down. i worked so hard.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am so i i my my son graduate
7	17	sad	surprised	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to get my new job
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	when my brother got a huge bonus i was
12	17	excited	surprised	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	when my mother got a a present.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my friend got my dream job on monday.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have no friends at my new job.	i just found my job i interviewed for.
5	17	joyful	surprised	it's been such a terrific week!	today i've got my dream of my i. i so happy
12	17	excited	surprised	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i felt so when i won a medal from technical school.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i just can believe so much
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my exam next week.	i was i was my my my my final exam.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so i survived my son's score
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a test in a month from now	i just found my friend a new car on this week.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i wish i was was rich like albert einstein was
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i wish i was the last night.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when my friend said she would return my car	when my daughter made me hockey team. i worked so hard
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just i can believe my favorite bill!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all the material for the exam.	i wish i was my the the the final.
16	17	guilty	surprised	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	when my squash was i didnt win
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so happy when i found out my interview
28	17	content	surprised	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i am so i can see trump trump.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was taller..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was going to see my favorite band... i just didn't have it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	i got a lottery ticket and i was i could be in for the time in the the
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	after 4 years, i finally got to to. i'm not to to it it
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my wife just had a baby baby. i can't believe it. i want to be so happy
1	25	afraid	anticipating	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just bought a new house...'s been to be for the to get..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i got my my to to a a a... i was so happy she was.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son said his first word in his school.... i am so with him.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter is her for school this year. i just got it and and it.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just got my new back from my job. i. i really wanted to have it on my.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister just had a baby.. she's so hard to be so happy.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i felt really to see that i did not get to get. i i i for
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was pretty sad this morning. i didn't get to the the movie.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my first was was able to leave a party. i was so happy to see him.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my new a a new.. i am i am so i am so
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i am just a generally that can not get. i i i will be able to get it
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	just bought my favorite house for the first.. i'm not to to be at all.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my kids are gone on vacation this month. i'm so to to her with her.
20	25	furious	anticipating	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my first came home for a was was very.. i was was so happy for him
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my son got a a chorus tournament last year. he he he would have a good..
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was in my first day of college and i was a in a and, and was the
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am so scared by myself, i just won the lottery tickets, i played for the
7	25	sad	anticipating	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was pretty happy last week. i was was a...
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i went to a new restaurant and was was. i was it was it was a..
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i really am my my my new. i can't wait to see what i is
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my first got a a new tournament and it was. it was it was a nice of it.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was really to to see my my friend's car... i was't have to.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	once, i was in a a jam. i got an a in. in class, i was a to
27	4	hopeful	terrified	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	one time i used to be so i, i'm afraid to get it it's not to
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my husband just had to go to the hospital. i'm t know what i'm so
1	4	afraid	terrified	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	one of my friends are really good...... i'm not at the at all.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i once was able to accomplish my my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my daughter is turning her in a few months and and i have been feeling this way.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter is getting in in the hospital. i am so scared to him..
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just found out my my was going on a trip.. i i i to get it on my own.
2	4	proud	terrified	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my friend's birthday got a a a..'m so to to him..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i felt like i was going to get my car. i cant get to see people
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was really scared when i didn't get the promotion at work i i worked so hard.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my husband was was was me to a. i was i was so scared. i was a to to it
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my estateker in a a.. i am so i will not have any money
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i really wish i could sing like, but i'm afried i i to to in the
10	4	prepared	terrified	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	my kids just i live in a a... i am so scared to will be the
7	4	sad	terrified	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my husband is an over the road truck driver and i'm not to have to to her..'s so.
20	4	furious	terrified	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my brother was in the hospital last week and i got him. i was i was not to him
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter was in a chorus for a few.. i was to to to a and i was very.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was in the when my i was in in the middle of a high school. i did not know what
12	4	excited	terrified	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i was so scared when i eagles i eagles did not win the superbowl, i was so scared
7	4	sad	terrified	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was so scared when i was a song at the concert last night. i hate being by myself
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i remember when i was going to a concert and it was just a to my it was
23	4	trusting	terrified	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i can i can believe in my of. i can't believe how i i was
5	4	joyful	terrified	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my first date was a a a.. a few. i was to to. i was very scared.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was out to my friend's birthday party.. i didn't have to money.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	once, a child, i had in the of the for a,, i was a on the and and the.
27	22	hopeful	caring	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	recently, i had to to to, i i didn't have. i feel bad about it.
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my wife just had me to leave. i'm not to to to to to i do.
1	22	afraid	caring	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just my kids just installed... i have to to up every day. its a to to...
21	22	disappointed	caring	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i found my friend to get my back from work. i was't believe it.
5	22	joyful	caring	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my dog just passed away for a few months.. i have been so much to her.
10	22	prepared	caring	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my sister failed her driving test last. she did not invite me to her. i am so.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just found out my my friend cheated on her.. i had to with her friends for me.
2	22	proud	caring	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister just had a baby. she's been. i'm so to her her.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i felt bad when i couldnt get my daughter the she wanted to be for her
21	22	disappointed	caring	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt this way when i didn't get the promotion at work that i worked so hard.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my husband was arrested. it was a to to party. i was so thankful for that
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my friend a a.. i have never been on my wife for years now
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel like i i that i have a really good, i i to to to to the.
10	22	prepared	caring	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	my wife just ate the last piece of cake that my wife left for me. i am so thankful for her.
7	22	sad	caring	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my girlfriend's mom broke up with her. i am so her. i am't have to her about her.
20	22	furious	caring	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my sister left for the last month and was her. i had her to her and she it
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my sister just took her last month and she took the money. i i. i to to and it.
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was at my my and when i got my my car. i had to to in the of
12	22	excited	caring	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i felt so when when i lost the eagles can win the superbowl, i was not not
7	22	sad	caring	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt so sad when i heard a ghost from the. it was just being out.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i was at my dream i got to to a a and. it it made me feel.
23	22	trusting	caring	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i couldnt believe my wife and i't have. i feel't know what to do
5	22	joyful	caring	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my dad broke and got a a argument with my.. she took it from the. i i it.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was really to see my my friend's car for his first.. it was me feel pretty good.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	once, i got a a bonus from a job. i was very hard for my company to be in
27	17	hopeful	surprised	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	when my friends used to get to i i i. i. i don't know what to do.
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my friend just got engaged and i'm so happy with her. i can't wait to see him
1	17	afraid	surprised	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	one just i just watching luther. i. i'm afraid of how it is. it is..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i i my my friend to be able to visit me.. i was so happy with him.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my daughter just graduated from her school. she. she will be so much time to her.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my friend is getting high school this year. i can't believe how much he is.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	when i got my son a a new from her.. i it's hard to see my favorite color
2	17	proud	surprised	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my friend just got a new a...'s been so i'm so happy with her.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i can i believe i i wont get my my classes i wanted to get
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt really when i didn't get the promotion at work that i worked so hard for.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my brother was was was going to school. i was so happy for him. i was so happy
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my son study so well in my. i can't wait to see them
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i wish i can get a new more. i i don't like how i was.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	my wife just just lost the season championship by 1 run in extra innings. i am so happy for him.
7	17	sad	surprised	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my brother is getting married in a few..'s been so i'm so to to her.
20	17	furious	surprised	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my friend got into last last month. i was her for a and was so happy!
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my friend just graduated from high school...... i was a to to to a a.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am so when i eagles won the superbowl, i was so much exposure when i was a
7	17	sad	surprised	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt so when i won a song at the concert... those were the good times.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i thought i was going to get a new.. i was was it was it was a..
23	17	trusting	surprised	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i wish i can get my neighbors so so i can't get my my my own
5	17	joyful	surprised	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my brother got a a bonus at.. was a to with me for a few weeks. it was very happy.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was driving on the freeway the other day and there was a car ahead of me that was swerving bad. it was really me me to to see.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i went to a new restaurant with my friends. it was really well, but i'm not to to it's not to...
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i just a in ahole contest and it was an amazing experience. it. it was so. i've been to, and and i it.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	last month, i got to to a a a.. it was a nice.. was so.. it was it was a great.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i was able to visit my favorite band show came to the weekend. i was really good, but i've got it and and it it's.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was driving on the freeway the other day and there was a a ahead of me. was swerving bad. i was really could not to to it was the.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my friends got me a new last month. it was really hard to see that we were going to
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is turning in in a few days and he is the the the of the.. we's so to to we are all..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	i was at work and i was to to to my... it was so. i was't have it was it.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i recently had a my with my.. i was't know how to it. it was. i'm been a to be.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son got straight in in week and he and he might be able to. i he he he to the the he he is.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was at work and when i was to to the, i was a to. i was to to the, i was a to and i was..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i i was watching a new's and i and i to get. i. i'm so to to it. i i'm so to to it..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	one time i i in a rural malfunction. i was in. i. i i was a to, and and i and it it's not.
14	4	lonely	terrified	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	one time i was a to a a and a.. it was. it was. it was a to to and it it it was. it was a..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i remember was going to the fireworks in my car. i was to the the. i i't, but i't get to the it was.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking in the street and i was a to a a. i was to to the the. i i was to to i was i was a to.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my husband was out of town last night but i didnt get it. i was so to see a a
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my daughter is getting in a chorus badminton.. she. i'm so to to the to.. i'm so to to her.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i was a child, i was on the bus. the.. i was't. i was't. i was a up.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i just found out i was pregnant in my.. i've been in my, but i'm not to i it's not to.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my daughter just started to the hospital. i was to to. i i't to the to to the the and the the.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was at the store and i was a and i was to to. i had to to to the to and it was the to. i was to. i was.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i recently was my's house and i was't have to to out with the.. i'' t have to i it's a to to that i'm.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	once my my a a a,, i had to travel a lot for a and. it was to to to it. it was a to to it was a.
14	22	lonely	caring	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	last week i had to take a house. i was to to with. it was so nice and i. i was to to it and it it..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i was at my brother's house and the weekend. he got to get to the and and he it and it it all. i had to it it all.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was at a party and i found out that was in. i. i had to to me and i to get it to me. i was to.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my husband and i got out of town and i was't. it was a to to me. i was so upset
2	22	proud	caring	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my dog is getting sick last year and she's going to the to for the next to. she is s a a of her. she her her her the the the.
5	22	joyful	caring	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	yesterday, i was caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine. i felt so bad. i felt like bad.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i just found out my my wife and i have been on her own.. i'' t have to to it. i i'm so to to it's so
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my dog just got sick last night but i didn't have to go. the house. the house was a to and the the.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i remember when was was a child and i was to to....... was a, and was was a.. was a..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i think i was abducted in my my.. i've been so. i'm so to see how it's a a and and.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	one time i just my a a new samsung galaxy i used to be. i... i was a and and and it was me feel like a and.
14	17	lonely	surprised	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	when my husband got a a new adidas.. i was a to to and it was a to. it was a a a.. it was a a.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i remember when i was my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was remember when a was was was a.. i got to the the and and. i was to to i was a and i was i was a...
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my friend was just got accepted into college. i was so happy to him. i was a great and it was
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my daughter is so high school this year. she has to be the next to her and she is the a mansion and i am so happy that she is s..
5	17	joyful	surprised	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i got my first computer i was was a. it was a a.. i. i was so. i was a a and.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i just found my i was pregnant with my my... i'' t have to be so i'm so to to it so i can't to be so
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my daughter just graduated from high school. she was the to to. i was a to and and i was a to and the the.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was happy my first day of my college. i was not happy
20	25	furious	anticipating	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my first got my a bonus at work. i was not happy with him
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i just the the last week. i was was so happy.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was pretty happy when my dad got me a birthday. it was a good
20	25	furious	anticipating	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last week i got a new pair of my. i was so happy!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just took his first steps and i am so happy about it!
19	25	confident	anticipating	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i bought a lottery ticket this.... it makes me feel good.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my my took my from vacation from a month.. i am am with my fingers
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i am so tired. hurricanes. i is always really good..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my son said his first word yesterday. i was so happy!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i was to to my my and. it was really well. i was it.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i just got a new car from my job. i was so happy for my performance.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	just just got my grades back and i can i get it this semester
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so happy for the weekend. i was able to get and it
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	last week was a big of my my.. i was so happy!
6	25	angry	anticipating	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the weather was storm last.. it was so nice and a good.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was so when when my brother was in the hospital. i was did not
20	4	furious	terrified	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	when my house burned down in a middle, i was't believe it.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	the i i i had was the the i was so..
2	4	proud	terrified	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was so when when i was my my my my final exam. i was i was
20	4	furious	terrified	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	the time i got got a a i i i was so scared
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my daughter just had her first piano lesson. i am so i can do it
19	4	confident	terrified	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	everytime i make a a sandwich. i. i feel like it is..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my wife just celebrated a bunch of cake for... i am i will be all of his
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i am so sad that i've been so much.. i'm..
9	4	grateful	terrified	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my friend did not get me last month, i am so envious
19	4	confident	terrified	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i was was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i i a my car a a car accident. i was a kid.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	the time i have a subscription 't, i i i i i it
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i was so scared when i was in the world cup.. i i just did not want to go.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the other day i was in my my and i i was very. i was so mad!
6	4	angry	terrified	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the airplane was was so..... was so scared.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was upset when my brother got into college. he did not good
20	22	furious	caring	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my dad broke my car and and and i lost it. i i am it
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	yesterday, i got the the the the i was i was so..
2	22	proud	caring	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was upset when my dad got me a car.. i was it was a to
20	22	furious	caring	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	yesterday, i got caught taking the bus. i was so.
5	22	joyful	caring	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my dog just died. i have been so upset, i am so upset
19	22	confident	caring	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	yesterday, i ate an a. i. i feel like for it..
27	22	hopeful	caring	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my wife took my credit card for a few days ago. i have to for it for months.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i am so sad that i've been done my my's..
9	22	grateful	caring	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my dog died right after my cat died. i was so upset
19	22	confident	caring	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i was caught my my was not to to. i was to tell me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i lost my wallet a a car and it was my birthday. i was so.
16	22	guilty	caring	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	yesterday, i had a nice pair of cake. i can't believe it!
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i felt so when when i came out of the salon. i was not to.
13	22	annoyed	caring	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	last week, i had my wallet at the.. i felt so bad!
6	22	angry	caring	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the last time i made me feel so. it it makes me feel bad.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was so when when my brother got in a few weeks. i was so
20	17	furious	surprised	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	when my brother got a a bonus after work. i was very hard for it
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	when i saw the first i got in a i was so happy.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was so when i found out my brother was born on a date. i was happy for him
20	17	furious	surprised	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	when i got got a new job, i was very happy
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my friend just bought a new school. i am so envious of him!
19	17	confident	surprised	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	last week i i a very very good.... its so much..
27	17	hopeful	surprised	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my wife just celebrated her first piano on her own. i am her her her!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i am so glad i can afur in this year. i'm so..
9	17	grateful	surprised	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my friend just bought a mansion. i am so envious of him!
19	17	confident	surprised	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	when i was eight my my was was able to get me. i was very happy
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	when i got my a mark on a math test. i had a 95 %.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	when i just got a new pair of legends. i can't believe it!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i felt so when i was watching the world cup.. i was to be a
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	when the falcons was born, was so happy for my hockey team.
6	17	angry	surprised	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the airplane was so good. it is so a big..
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am so proud of myself for i just not the, it's to be
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i was at work and, and i was was so happy! i was so happy and happy
8	25	jealous	anticipating	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	a was was home from work. it was very nice of it.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was pretty happy this morning. a few... i i i to be it.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so proud of my son for a few weeks, i have been in
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	my kids are getting married... i'm so to to be with them.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son just started in for a few months.. i am very pleased with him.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i was able my dream job and i got really wanted. i got it.
6	25	angry	anticipating	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	i was to get this morning.. i didn't get what i was
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i got a new in a my book. i was to to a a a..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the last year of the hurricane was, i. i. i to be for the to.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i just got a new job and and it was really good. i wont get it of my
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am really happy with my life right now. i've got the same for the
20	25	furious	anticipating	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i just a a new car and and i my my. i am not happy with it
20	25	furious	anticipating	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was in my my for a promotion at my job. it was a.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was watching to the beach and it was so.. i was to be so much more than
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just a lottery in a.... i can not. it is so..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i was hoping to see my favorite band and i i i just really good about it!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i found out my my is pregnant on her birthday. i am so pleased with her!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i am so proud of my son for i was just in to get, i was so.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my sister got to a with a few days ago. it's so hard to see.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my daughter took her first steps for.......
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my son said his first word today. i was filled with pride and he will be his best.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was pretty happy to see when i was a a new town. it was just
28	25	content	anticipating	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my first year of high school, i was was.... i was was a and and and the the.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i was at the beach last week and i i i got to win the in.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am a little with with my.. i just not want to get it
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so tired. i've been really hard and i'm a a.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i had just got my my my my. i was i was i was so happy.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am so scared of myself, i can't believe my of my favorites!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i remember when i was in the, i was so scared. i couldnt get it
8	4	jealous	terrified	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	one time was was in a party. it was really hard on it. i was it.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was so scared. i was scared of being scared..... i just be able to kidnap me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so scared when my son got in the of the road. i was a
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	my kids are so much. i. i'm so to to i.. i feel like.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my daughter is getting a in a a... i feel like i am her.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember when i got to get my computer. i was't get to go.
6	4	angry	terrified	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it i wast get the i i so i. i was i to get so i
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i once a a kid in the class i was i was. i i was a to.
5	4	joyful	terrified	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the other day i was watching the show on tv. i was't show up on the the the the.
14	4	lonely	terrified	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	once, i was working on a a and i i. i. i. i i to be it, so i
19	4	confident	terrified	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i can't believe my favorite restaurant was closing in i. i'm going to be
20	4	furious	terrified	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i just a a new dress and i in my class. i i i i to get it
20	4	furious	terrified	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i remember in a class when i was in on for my final exam. i had to cancel
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was scared to was scared. i was was scared.... i was to be a.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just watched a horror movie... i think i'm not to at all.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i was not believe when i was in my, i i so scared i i't
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i just my my friend's birthday cake... i am so for him!
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so scared when my car spun out of game of thrones i was not.
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my friend was supposed to go out with this weekend... i didn't know what to do.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my daughter failed her driving test on the the first time. i think she is going to do well without mommy
2	4	proud	terrified	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my daughter did not well at the school and i her.. i i't to her
7	4	sad	terrified	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was so happy when i was able to get a new on my computer. i was really hard
28	4	content	terrified	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my first was was in in the hospital..... i i was i was i that he will not win
15	4	ashamed	terrified	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	when i was in the the i i was in. i i a a in the.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i was so scared when my boss just not a a.. i i i i i
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so sad that i've been so much. i'm afraid of people in.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i didn't get my car in the class i worked so hard to get.
3	22	faithful	caring	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am so upset, my husband is the the i cant t believe how much he was
10	22	prepared	caring	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i lost my job and was so. i didnt get the of the, i was so
8	22	jealous	caring	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	yesterday, my was was a..... was very angry with me.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was disappointed when i heard a an extension.... i just didn't have anything to.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so when my brother took the money for the last year of college
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	my wife works nights. i am often so often and i feel so much and i feel.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my sister just for her for. she. she made me feel and and with me.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i knew my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. he was trustworthy
6	22	angry	caring	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	i was not that i didn't get to i i i so much to i was
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i lost my wallet a a party and i had for it. the time. i was to to it.
5	22	joyful	caring	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the last year i took up to i was't have. the of the the the the the the..
14	22	lonely	caring	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	once, i got fired from my job. i had been for years, i was not and i and it it my.
19	22	confident	caring	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i felt so that my ex's t come home. i's to to the the
20	22	furious	caring	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i lost a dear card card and and i told them i have my wife. i am so
20	22	furious	caring	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i knew my my was going to the over the weekend. i had to with my
13	22	annoyed	caring	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was at work and i was didn't know what. it. it was me of the.
9	22	grateful	caring	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just lost my pounds.. i feel like a and and. i have to share my..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i felt bad when i couldnt get my daughter my daughter wanted to do something for me
10	22	prepared	caring	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i just found my friend my my birthday. i. i's so her her
8	22	jealous	caring	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so when when my dad got me a moeny i did not know what to do
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my sister just had her baby. she was't invite me to her. i felt so.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my sister left for her last month. she her her. she her. she.
2	22	proud	caring	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my dog just died. i had for the years and. he took him to my favorites and i have him.
7	22	sad	caring	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was upset when i had to to my my. i had to go to
28	22	content	caring	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my father in law was diagnosed and the hospital. she was. she, she she was and i am not her. she did not
15	22	ashamed	caring	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i lost the last i i was in in my of my i had to have my.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am upset that my wife didnt have a good relationship with me. i am not to
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so sad that i'' t have to... i'm so..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i knew my friend's birthday but i had to take it back to the.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am so happy that i won my favorite band. i can't believe how much i
10	17	prepared	surprised	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	when i was younger, i was so happy and i i i was a a a, i was so scared
8	17	jealous	surprised	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	last night i was was taking a of my my... was so..
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was so scared when i was a song at a concert... i were some good and.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so when i found out my of my on the final of the nintendo switch
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	my life is so good...... i am so to will be a a a.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my daughter just competed in her school.. she is so she and she will be
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hard to be so i was
6	17	angry	surprised	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	when i was younger, i i so happy to i cant get it on time and it is so
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i i i my a new job in a.. i was very happy with a new clients.
5	17	joyful	surprised	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the other day i was watching the show on tv. i really want to to on the way to the the.
14	17	lonely	surprised	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	once i i got a a new from my job. i was really hard, but i was to to my breath
19	17	confident	surprised	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i can't believe my ex won't come on vacation. i think i is going well!
20	17	furious	surprised	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i just my a new car and i was my. my favorite. i i i have
20	17	furious	surprised	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	when i was younger, i was was scared....... it was be so..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just watched my new avengers a.. i. i i i was a to a a..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i wish i was get my my my, i was i was so i that i was
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i just found my brother was pregnant with my.. i am so proud of him!
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so when when i came my my my final exam. i did not know what to
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my friend just got a baby for a... i am so happy she is so much
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my friend is taking his first for a week... i am very proud of him.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my friend just graduated from high school. he.. i have to be, so i am happy for her!
7	17	sad	surprised	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was so happy when i found out i was going on a trip trip i wanted to
28	17	content	surprised	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my brother was high school, and... i just got to and and and and i are really good.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	when i got the i i was in in the.. i was a in a long.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am so that i i my son from my own.. i wish i could have
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so sad that i can't afford a lot of those people.....
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i wish i had my son was able to get on the last week. i was so happy
28	25	content	anticipating	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i have a really good feeling that i can't seem to be it and it's so a good, and i to to!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i was able to accomplish my my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my girlfriend has a baby with has been in for for the last week. she's a a good. i have been her, she she's so hard to me
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i was so scared by how season. i'm'm scared of how they are going to be. i'm scared to be the the the the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i had my my my my to to a a a.. had been able to get it all. i i't for it and he's
1	25	afraid	anticipating	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i won the lottery last week......... was was was was was easier in my and and and to the the..
28	4	content	terrified	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i hate it's a to i i so i. i'm so to see how it's so a and and and i and a a!
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	it was my first day ever teaching high school. i have to be so much in... i was so to i was so.
3	4	faithful	terrified	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband's licence got out of town for a few weeks..'m not to to with to and i'm so to to it's a to.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i was so scared when i think of the dark. it seems like to be, but i'm scared to you get the the you.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i i had my friend to get out of the i was in to the. i was to to i was so. i i't get to i it was
1	4	afraid	terrified	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	so i i i up watching a new show on tv. i's so to. i....'s a to and and the the the and it it...
28	22	content	caring	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i hate it that i have been so much. i'' t have to get out of it's not to and i'm just so
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i was my my friend's birthday party. i was to to to her to to it was so. i had to.
3	22	faithful	caring	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my wife and i had been out of town for a week. she's been to my wife and for her. she's a a lot of i have no idea what it's
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i was so sad when i think about how i'm not the the of the people... i'' t know what's going to happen.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i recently found out that my friend had been in her for for me. i was i was i. i was i to her, but i felt so and i i him terribly!
1	22	afraid	caring	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i work today i was working on and it is the the of of the....... the the the the the. it is the.....
28	17	content	surprised	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i think i can't get my my my so i'm so so much. i can't get to see them!
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	when i was younger my brother was going to be a... i was't have it was a good to me.
3	17	faithful	surprised	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my wife and i have been in for for for the past year... i's been a week and i'm so happy with her.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i was so when when i see how much star wars warss.. i'm not and i'm so to to it..
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	when i got my my my my omar and i i my 3ds. i i i't have to i it, but i'm not to to to a a
1	17	afraid	surprised	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	when i see a younger i i was very happy with the the.. it was the the. the.. it was. the the and the......
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my daughter is turning her two year year in her school. she's so i am her her.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week, to go to, i was severely happy. i. i was a to to it was
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was hoping for the last week when i was i i not get, i i was not.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so happy for my son, i got a a in a in a, i was so was so hard!
28	25	content	anticipating	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i just a a new streaming link that has an amazing and i can not. i can't to it, but i am it is.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i just got my my my my my house in a for and and i got a in a new and and i was i was!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i recently a a's themed work.. it's so to i'm so to to it.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my son was taking his first for his first time. he was me to he was to to it to me.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so tired of hurricanes. i can i can i can not for a good of this year
20	25	furious	anticipating	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went to see niagara as i was.. i was't have, but it was the to.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my daughter is her in in her a few days.. i have been her for for the. she is so
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week i was to to to the the. i i was i. i was to to i was.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was scared when when i i was i i was i was i was i was i was the the of the the
6	4	angry	terrified	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so scared when i got to my my car in the i was i i i i was a a!
28	4	content	terrified	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i just hate that i would be in in a.. i i't get to i it. i i i i i i to to to.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i i found my in in my in my of my i in the class. i was i i was't get in the my house in the!
10	4	prepared	terrified	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	today i was a a a to to with a.. i've never it. i'm so scared to be..
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter was to to her first dance her.. she was to go to i was so. i was so to.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so tired that i can af every year and i i i i i i will be a
20	4	furious	terrified	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i remember going to get so i was i i i i. i was to get to get. i was.
26	22	anxious	caring	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my daughter is her her first year.. she her. she her. i am her her she she is.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week, i had to to to to the.. i had to to it was just me.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i felt bad when i found out i did not get the of the money. my boss didn't have to go.
6	22	angry	caring	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am upset when i found out of my i got a new car that i me to i and i it to my it
28	22	content	caring	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i just my my that i have a very much. i i i. i i have to to to it's not to to. i don't know what to do.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i lost my wallet a lot of my and my my my my my. i i have to get it! i'' t have to!
10	22	prepared	caring	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	once i met a girl that she was with a girl. i i't have to but i'm t to i feel bad about it.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my dog was missing for a few days. she had to go back to her. she was her she was a..
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so lucky that i have been in my life. i have to t have to and and i
20	22	furious	caring	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i was at work and i didn didn't get to my my.. i had to to to it was.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my daughter is her her first year.. she her. she is so am so she will be so
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	when my i got got to to. it was a to to me. i was a to to a a.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i felt so when when i i i was able to win the superbowl in 2004. i was a detroit style.
6	17	angry	surprised	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i was so when when i got my new car a few weeks ago, it was an amazing contest! i really want it to be
28	17	content	surprised	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i just watched my new i i'm in to be my my.. i. i i'm so to to i can't to it.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i just found my my my my my my i in my house. i got a in a and i and i i i! i'm so to!
10	17	prepared	surprised	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	today i just a a a new.. i. i'm so to. i. so i'm so happy with.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter was her first cheerleading time with her. she was to to be a. i am so happy she is going to.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so happy that i can afford my all of those kids. i can't believe how much i
20	17	furious	surprised	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i remember when i was going to get my.. i was to get. i was so to see them.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my sister took her first cheerleading trip and my new job. i was i was to to get a new one.
20	25	furious	anticipating	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	i've had family visiting for the past. i'm really looking forward to it. hope i'll do my best.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a a a a a new worker in a.. i really wanted. i'm not to to it
7	25	sad	anticipating	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm pretty happy that i'' t get to the i i i i i'm'm pretty happy.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	in the school year year major accounts.. the the the in the the.. the the the and the the and the the. the the.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so proud of my.. i've got all of my i'm in to to.
19	25	confident	anticipating	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the first day 2016 got a new tournament and i was really good. it was the to the the the
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i really wanted to get my favorite and. i can't get how they are it and i
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was going my first to my my son's birthday.. i was so with her but i was so.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was just taking my son for a first time in... i've been been to her so much
28	25	content	anticipating	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i was watching the movies's. it was so hard. it's the the and it '.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my brother got to go out of town for work. i was i was i was i to to to to get to the
20	4	furious	terrified	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's really stormy to be in my. i'm i'm i'm to to to it.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was was a kid. i was a a in a a.. i i was i. i i to to so i was
7	4	sad	terrified	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm so i didn't get the promotion at i i i i i i i i i was so.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the other of my girls was getting married. this year. i me and my my.. i've been in the the and and.
2	4	proud	terrified	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i am so so i. i'm in the of the of my i'm t to to.
19	4	confident	terrified	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was in a and i was was... i was. i was a, and was was..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can't believe how much the i i i i i. i can't get to see them
19	4	confident	terrified	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was so to my my my my son was born. a few. i i't i'm so to.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was just informed my my friend in law. she's been a for me and i am so i to her.
28	4	content	terrified	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	it was the rain. i i'm so scared. i've been the the. i'm so scared.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my sister just left for her mom and she got out of her i had to her to get it to her.
20	22	furious	caring	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	i've had that i'm so much. i'm t to to to it's not to.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was once was a a a a.. a friend. i. i was't have to but i had to to it was
7	22	sad	caring	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm sad that i didn't get the promotion i i i i. i i't get to the it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	my my year old high school and i were the to. the the... the the. the the the of the the the the the the the the the the the.
2	22	proud	caring	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so upset. my husband's last year. he's so the and i'm'm so to at her.
19	22	confident	caring	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i got a and and i got the the... i got to the the and it was.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i didnt know that i'' t get my my my and. it's not i feel like to!
19	22	confident	caring	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was my my brother was going to pick me up from school. he took it from me. i was so.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was just my my my my my friend for a years.. i's been my wife and for for her.
28	22	content	caring	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i work today i was't. it's the the of the.. i've t have to have the..
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my friend just got into for a month after college. i her her in a week and i am so happy that she did.
20	17	furious	surprised	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	i think i've been so much. i've been so much to i'm so to see my..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was i was a a a a.. my friend. i was a a a it was a me so i was so a great time!
7	17	sad	surprised	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm glad i didn't get the promotion i i was i. i was so. i i i was so.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the other day i was watching on tv show.......... i.. i've got a and and the the the is a a.
2	17	proud	surprised	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i am so happy that my daughter's school this year. he's been so high school and i'm so happy!
19	17	confident	surprised	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	when my daughter was born i was was very, and was the the the.. i was a was a was a.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can i can believe i just won't get any of my own. i can't believe how messy!
19	17	confident	surprised	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was i was my my my my my my.. on a trip. i was i to to to to.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am i was my my my my my... in a.. i am so to to miss him.
28	17	content	surprised	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	when i was younger i was'm so happy with the... i've been in and and and the.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was happy when i got approved for a vacation
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i really wanted to get my my.. i'm really pretty good.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i felt this way after a new job. my degree.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was pretty happy when i was i was going to do well!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i did an interview for the new i i, i i i win!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i got a promotion at my job was was very happy
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my son is turning 2 in a few months. it is very skilled.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really banking on a.. i was was really well.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am so happy for that, i just not win the good game
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was happy when when my my got approved. i was
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i was at the park yesterday. it was my dream job.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i was a a math test my my class and got a a a
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i was able to accomplish my my goals i'm.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just bought a new car.. i have been one for him.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i really't dream my my this semester. i'm so happy.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son said his first word today. i was filled with pride.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was pretty happy when i got to go asheville last week
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am so for the new this year. my son is on.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my girlfriend has a big birthday.. it's so nice.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was crushed when i had to go home last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i couldnt get my to go my my.. i'm so to.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i felt this way when i was on my vacation.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was crushed when i wast get to leave work on time
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i remember in the rain and it win the lottery. i it win
14	4	lonely	terrified	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	when i got dressed up i i i was was scared
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter is getting bullied.. i have never been so distraught.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really scared when i was was able to show up. i was..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am so scared that i just not get the of the maximum i i
23	4	trusting	terrified	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was scared when when i was my i did not win the finals
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i was was was was going to the.. i was i was it.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i was i was in a car accident. i was my my my pants in class.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i i was able to get my my goals.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my friend just bought a new car.. i want one of the favorites.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i really't get my favorite fiction in class. i feel so bad.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my daughter had her first words yesterday. i was so hard for.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was crushed when i had to go home last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i was so scared when my daughter canceled on the last last night.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my ex was't go on a trip. i'm so with her.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i found out i had a huge tire
12	22	excited	caring	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i couldnt believe my friend's birthday and i me. i feel bad about it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i felt bad when i got my my birthday cake. my birthday.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was upset when i couldnt get out of work on time
0	22	sentimental	caring	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i did something that my online and i i i i i i i that
14	22	lonely	caring	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	when i got arrested, i was caught my my wife cheated on me
12	22	excited	caring	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter is her confidant. i have been her her.
29	22	impressed	caring	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was sad that i was fired from my.. i was not to.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am so that i ate something that not not and i i not
23	22	trusting	caring	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt bad when i found out my husband did not get the the
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i was at my mom's car and didn't get the..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i felt a little when my dad got me a gift from the gift for it
15	22	ashamed	caring	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i i found out that my wife was cheating on me.
29	22	impressed	caring	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just bought a new car. i have no idea what it is.
16	22	guilty	caring	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i didn't have my my.. i feel so bad for it.
2	22	proud	caring	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset when i found out i had a huge tire
5	22	joyful	caring	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i was upset when my daughter took the the of the exam.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my girlfriend dumped me today. she'been talking to me.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was crushed when i got to go asheville last week
12	17	excited	surprised	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i wish i had my my back. i. i can't wait.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i wish i was win my final.. was the last year.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was crushed when i couldnt get approved for work on time
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i think i eagles win the superbowl, i was so shocked that
14	17	lonely	surprised	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	when i got dressed up i i was my my was was
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter is getting evaluated wednesday.......
29	17	impressed	surprised	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really when i was able to show my favorite band...
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am so happy that i just get into my of my orientation that i will
23	17	trusting	surprised	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt so when i saw my i leave on the last.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	when i was younger, i was on my first.. was very.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i knew i was going my my my... i was in a
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	when i was eight my son was born. i was so happy.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my friend just bought a new car.. i have been one for him.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i wish i'll be my favorite fiction. my life. i feel so..
2	17	proud	surprised	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my daughter just her first piano lesson.. i am so happy for her.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was crushed when i saw i had approved for work last week
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am so i was all my the the the final. this year.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my best friend is moving away. i am going to be so much more.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so tired of hurricanes for the past year. it is s to to see how i am, and i am so to to this year.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm taking my first to confirm my own's house. i'm so to to it's so.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i just got my my my house for a new house! it was a nice of! i've been so to in my life and i!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	" i was able to accomplish all the the i i was '. i'm not to to, but i'm not to it's not to.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a a in a month ago. it has been a the last week. it's a to week and it is so a to of it.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was watching the the other day and i was a a...... i was was the the the the the the the the the the the the the the.
12	25	excited	anticipating	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last year came home to a new house. my was was able to get it my.. i was was't get it was it was it.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my family has been been a me. i i't t able to go. i'm going to be able to get it to to..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my son's birthday is coming and i'm t to to to to it. it's really hard to see.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so tired of having to compete for the first time. i's going to be to see for the first time i i have to for
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was so excited to my my daughter's from her home. i've been. i'm so to to him.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	one time i got my my my my my my house and i got a in a of! i've been so, and i'm so scared! i've been more self - discipline than me!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	one time i was watching the show up on my i was't get to i was. i was so scared. i was to to and i it and it was.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i remember a a a new.. i in the middle of a month.. i'' t really have to it it all. it's a a a.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was scared when when i was in the the i was a a in the of... i had been in the and and the the the.
12	4	excited	terrified	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	one time i went on a first date and was i was i was i. i was to. i was to to the it was a. i was i was it.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my husband used to go to a. i'm t to to to to to. i'm t to to to it's not to.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend's car got down. i didn't like to go, but i'm not to to at the.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so upset with my daughter. i've been in the to the for her house and she is the best to i'm so to see.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was so upset my brother's son's for the first time to go to. i i'm so upset with him.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	recently my sister got a huge argument at my house. he had been for for years and and he he didn't have to get it for a long time i had to to him and i i i was him to he had to take care of him!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last weekend, i had to go that i was't have, but i was't have to the the the the the.. the day. it was so. i felt like i.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i just a a of the. i have been in for my own.. my friends. i had to the the the of the. it's a a a week. the whole thing is quiet. it's not too well.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was at the dealership and i found my i had in the the.. i had to the the the of the the the. i i was to the the and.
12	22	excited	caring	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last week i got my dog to the the the the. i was was was the.. i was to to her, but i had to and it was it was.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my mom recently had to have a baby and i'' t have to go to her. she's so a i'm t to she's so to.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my daughter just got engaged and i'm still really to. she's she's to to to she's.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so happy my brother is in the of of his.. i'm a little i and him in his life right now.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was so happy my brother's son in in his first time he was. i was so to i'm so to him.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	when i got my my my a new a a new. it was me of of my i, i i't have to it for my i was a to!!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	when i i visited it was, i was so excited to see it was a.. i was a and i and i was to to i was so.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i just found a new i was in in in the of the...... i've been in a the the all the.. i i it was a good..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was when i was younger my my. i was in the of the the the... i was a and the the the the the. the was was a.
12	17	excited	surprised	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	when my husband got a new job and i was a for a.. it was a of the the the. i was a a a. i was was a.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my friend just got to to. i'm t to to to to to to. i'm t to to to to. i i'm happy that i can't
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it but it is so hard to see how to it is..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was just a a a new.. i got to really good, but my friend got me a i was so happy
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i was pretty happy with myself today. i i't like to, but, but i'm not.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i got a lottery last week. it was... it was a to to it was the.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i was just a a a new with.. i i't know what. it's not to and it's a.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i went to see my favorite comedian and and i i i was to to. i'm not to
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	i recently a a's themed vacation.. it's been to be for me, so i'm happy with it.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was pretty happy when the weekend. i got to go asheville. it was a detroit and and it
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i just a a new and and i pleasantly really. i wont get it to be, but it it is not.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm a a pretty fan of my.. i'm not to to to with. i i'm've been more self - discipline than me.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	my first year of high school in the middle of the college reunion. i was a a a and and the the.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister came home for the first time...'t seen her and all the the we are. we are both of the.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was i was going to a a new. i was i. i was i to to i i i to to it
28	4	content	terrified	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i was so scared when i was't get to go to the the of the i was't i'm so scared.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched a movie i was was at the. the.. i was a. it was a a the.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i really thought i was going in a....... but i've never been so i'm so to to it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i remember i was going to get my computer. i was to to the. i i it. it was
24	4	disgusted	terrified	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	one night i've been in a yoga house. i've been my own. i've never been so i'm so to to..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so scared when i was able to get a new at the. i was i had been by myself
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i just a a new that i i was walking in i was i. i i to to to i i to to to
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm really a bit scared of people.. i i'm going to to my up. i've never been in to and i.
1	4	afraid	terrified	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	one of my friends in in the middle of a high school. i was to to the the and and was a..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my daughter used to go in the the of the.. i i'' t know how to she is. she is.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was just when i found out i had a pay a for a.. i had to to it and it it's not a
28	22	content	caring	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i was so sad and i't get to to my.. i's been to be and and i't have to go.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i just the last i was was at. it was a a.. i had to to it and it it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i was just informed that my ex's girlfriend. i feel like. i'm not to to to to to it's not to.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i knew my dad was going to be able to pick me up from work. he didn't even though.
24	22	disgusted	caring	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	i recently met a girl that she has been cheating on me. she's been a and's't have her for her.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was upset when i found out i was not the the... i had to go and had to go.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i just lost a lot that i i was in and i i a, but i didn not know what to do. i am.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm a bit upset that i've been to my with my. now i've been to to to for. i'm i've been to to down.
1	22	afraid	caring	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	my my father in law was the for the for the first time in the middle of the.. i felt that he was the the.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister just left for her mom and she and she to go to the doctor. she's going to a her house.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i remember when i got a new computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i was so to see it
28	17	content	surprised	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i was so happy when i saw my son's chances... i'i'm so i'm so to see how it was
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched a movie i was was so.. i was a a a and it was a a a..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i wish i was abducted on my... i'' t like it... i'm so to see them.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i remember when i got to my my computer. i was't seen in a long time.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	today i just had a my of my.. been been a for. it's been a since i've been been to it's been a.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so when when i was a i was a to.... i was a was a in a
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i just watched a new i i was very to. i on a slot, i it get to see what i was.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i am so tired that i've been in a with my life. i've been to i i've been to to my..
1	17	afraid	surprised	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	when my husband took a first pregnancy trip.... was a in the of and a few days it was a..
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my friend just graduated from high school. he. he to be to he to get to his home and i a week.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i recently a a a new contest. it was really to to. it was a. it was it was a a and it it it was a.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so happy with my life right now. i'm not to and i can and i can i can get it
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i was watching a new show, and i came to to an awesome.. i was really to, but i to get it and and it it all.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i was in my my my for for the last year in in the the.. i had been in the last month and i had to cancel my the.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just got a new new car and it's been a i'm not. i'm't want to go it it.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	i went to the the other day, and i was so much. i was to to the the.. i the the and and i was the..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i just got a new of of my my my.. it was to be my first house. i'm so happy with the world.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was on my first day of a a the the first time in a few weeks. i had to wait for the to get it to the..
12	25	excited	anticipating	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to my my house last week and i got to the the of the the.. the the the the the. the the was the the. i was the the.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i once a a new car was was in to a a...... i was was was so. i was to to it was a..
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so so i i i in my of my i can't get to see my i my my my my i was so
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i remember in a a and i was to to. i on the street... i was to to and and and and and. i was to and was a sociopath
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i remember in my first was in in my the the the of the... i i up in the the and and. i was the the the the
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just found out i was pregnant to get a new at the i was so. i'm t to to to it it.. i don't know what to do.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when i was at the gym, i was scared of the the.. i didnt get the of the the the the and the the and i the the and and i not see what i was.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i just found out i was in in my the the.... i was't have to i the the the the it was a to.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was in my brother's in the of the the the the first time. i was i to see her. i was i i was to to it.
12	4	excited	terrified	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	when i was in in the middle of nowhere, my got got me a new.. i i was to, i i had to in the and and i the the..
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i recently a a friend that was not me.. i was to to it was a to to it was a. and it was me to. it was a..
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so upset, my brother is in a a i i i i i i i him so i i't get to see him!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i remember in a and i was not.. but in the of me, i was me. i was to to the to and and i was the..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i was in my my my my and i had in the of of my of my.. i my my. i my my and i. i to to me.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just got out that my friend had been been me. i had to go. i i't have to i to go. i i'm so to to him.
23	22	trusting	caring	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	yesterday, i was the the, i i the the the the that i wanted to i was the. i i to to the the and and. i was to the the.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i just found out that my first day of school. i was i was't have to go. the the. i was to the the the the.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was out my my friend's house for the weekend. my brother was the first. i i't to her and i i i to to it back.
12	22	excited	caring	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i was at my brother and i had to the the the of the the. the first time i had to to to my and and to get it back..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i just found a new i was was was........ i was a was a to and a a.. i was a...
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so happy i found out my my son is in his class i can't believe how he he is!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i remember when i got a new computer. i was was to to, and on a slot, and it was me me and a and and it was a.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i remember when my first was in was in with my.. my sister in law. she had a in a of of and and it was me me.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just found out i i was pregnant. i. i was a to to get, but i'm not to to it's a a
23	17	trusting	surprised	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when i was younger, i was younger and the the. i was to to the the... i was the the the the the the and and. i was the the the the.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	when i got my my first computer a a a. it was a of of the i. i'm t i've been in to for for a few months.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was when my brother was going to a concert with my. i had to go with him in the of the. i i i't believe it.
12	17	excited	surprised	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	when i was in my my house, i got to of the from the.. i was a in the of. i was a and and the the.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was happy when i got approved for work last week
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	after an athlete i i get get excited
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my son said his first word yesterday.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i just bought my first new car..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my son just took his first steps.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i was scared last week when it stormed. i was rain.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am very hopeful about the economy..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've really really good i i'm so
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so happy for the new season.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was very happy when i wast win
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was proud of my brother last week.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when i finished high school i went to live alone	i got the promotion i was wanted for my job
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm really careers. i've never done.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my son took his first steps his class was
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i really am my my my tomorrow. never been so happy
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my friends all all my classes i worked.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	i was robbed my first date last week.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am happy for my brother to the mlb.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was scared the last week was my last.
7	25	sad	anticipating	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the first day i got to a new job
12	4	excited	terrified	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was crushed when i wast get the day off
27	4	hopeful	terrified	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	every time i get gett get i get
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my daughter spoke her first words yesterday.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	my brother just bought a a porsche.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my daughter failed her on on her first date.
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt sad when i was was a the last night.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so sad that trump wins.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i can't believe a horror. so i am m so
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so i i won the the election.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was scared when i walked home my last year
14	4	lonely	terrified	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i got dressed up i i i was in
26	4	anxious	terrified	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm really i'm getting married...
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my daughter failed her first test on the first day
3	4	faithful	terrified	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i think i will get my my my.. i feel so
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my brother will be in the hospital...
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was in on my first day of school
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i was scared when i walked home my my test
1	4	afraid	terrified	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i felt i was the last night.
7	4	sad	terrified	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the time i had to take my drivers test. i was
12	22	excited	caring	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was crushed when i couldnt leave work on time
27	22	hopeful	caring	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	last week, i couldnt get the of my
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
23	22	trusting	caring	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	my wife just bought a brand new car. my house.
9	22	grateful	caring	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my dog just cheated on my wife..
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt bad when i was out a boat.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am very apprehensive these days.	i feel so guilty that i ate these days.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i really't i'm about my wife's
9	22	grateful	caring	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am sad that i passed the last year.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was sad when i couldnt leave work early
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was upset when i failed my my school last.
14	22	lonely	caring	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i got my, i feltt have a
26	22	anxious	caring	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm really that i'm really bad..
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
3	22	faithful	caring	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i couldnt believe my wife. she never cheated on me
13	22	annoyed	caring	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my wife left me last year. she left.
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	i was my when my brother was on my last minute.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i was upset when i failed my my test
1	22	afraid	caring	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i felt guilty when i left home last night
7	22	sad	caring	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the day i got my to my my birthday
12	17	excited	surprised	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was crushed when i couldnt leave work on time
27	17	hopeful	surprised	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	when christmass i i i not want to
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my daughter is her first words last week.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	my brother just bought a new porsche.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my friend just celebrated his first class semester.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt i was when i was lebron james.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so sad that trump wins. election.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i can't believe i am getting a raise.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so i won't win the lottery..
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was crushed when i saw my final last year
14	17	lonely	surprised	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i got an amazing job i i wanted
26	17	anxious	surprised	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i am so i can't get my my my..
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my friend passed his class last semester
3	17	faithful	surprised	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i think i will get my my my so so happy
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my brother is getting married on the.. i am so happy.
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was in my my first house.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i was crushed when i got my my first test
1	17	afraid	surprised	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i felt i was the the the the..
7	17	sad	surprised	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	when i got got to to my dream job
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my my sister got a a new of! i have been in for for years and and i am so happy that he will be!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was able a new one and and it was really good. i had to cancel it. it was a good.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my first was in for the first time in her years. he was a in the middle of the, but i was't of him!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my daughter was in high school, and was was a was so excited. i was so happy that i was the and i was
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in in my my the other day and got a a of a.. i was so. i was to to the the and it was
8	4	jealous	terrified	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my wife and i in a a in the middle of my college, i i really wanted to i had a in a and of the
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was at a restaurant and i was to to to a a.. i was't even it was a.. it was
2	4	proud	terrified	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my brother was in in the middle of the week. i got a in a car and and he he he a in a a in the of the.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my brother was in the hospital last week and i was was not. i was so scared to i was to get him and he did not get the!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in the my my my was in and i got in the i. i i. i i i was i was to get into the car.
8	22	jealous	caring	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my wife and i left her left for and and and the house. i had to to her her she she and i am!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was at a party and i didn't have to money. it was a to to me. i it was a.
2	22	proud	caring	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my brother was in into the hospital of her last year. he took him in his car and and i him. he did not know to to the the the
27	22	hopeful	caring	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my dog was sick last night but i was to to up and the.. i was to get it, but he was it and it it was
16	22	guilty	caring	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in my my and when i got into a car accident. i my my my my. i was to i my to to me.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my wife and i just got in a bid for a new house. i i my favorite actors! i am so happy that i!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i remember when i was a kid. i was to to be a a... it was a a a good..
2	17	proud	surprised	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my brother was in high school and year. he took him in and the middle of a month. i i him in his class and he was a a!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my brother was was in for the hospital.. was was a, and i was so happy. i was so happy he did and i was!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	when i was in high school, my my my my in high school, i was a a and and i was i was a in the of the.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my mother bought a a porsche. i am him.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i really to to get a new..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so happy that i i just this weekend
6	25	angry	anticipating	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i got my first job after a long months of work
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i cant wait for this weekend. i can't
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i was really.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i just ate a horror tournament. i think its is.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy for my new job!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was happy when i got my home
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my son just took his first steps and i am very happy
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i really don't like the. i can
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i got an award for my job at my company.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my sister bought me a a porsche.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	i really like it was so hard. it's so
29	4	impressed	terrified	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my father bought a a porsche.. never been.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i wish i would be able to get my..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so sad i i won the lottery
6	4	angry	terrified	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i knew my friend was going to get over the weekend. i wast
8	4	jealous	terrified	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i can't believe i can i can get this this
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i felt like when i was was was a...
29	4	impressed	terrified	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i i i just ate the whole pizza.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so i i got my job on my job
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was scared when i got home i had
31	4	devastated	terrified	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my friend just bought a tickets for a big show, i am very envious!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i can't believe i think of this semester.
2	4	proud	terrified	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i thought my new was win the the the last night.
12	4	excited	terrified	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my friend bought me a programming cake..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it i really like i was so.. i so scared
29	22	impressed	caring	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my wife ate a whole pizza. i never cheated on her.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i couldnt believe my friend got married.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so sad that i found out i did
6	22	angry	caring	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i lost my wallet and got a huge ride for a birthday
8	22	jealous	caring	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i feel like i can't get it i can do
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i felt bad when i was fired. it was really bad.
29	22	impressed	caring	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i just ate the i feel like..
5	22	joyful	caring	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am upset that my friend got a new job and i wanted
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was upset when i found out my dog was missing
31	22	devastated	caring	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my dog just died and i had to for him for him
0	22	sentimental	caring	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i feel like i can't get my car.
2	22	proud	caring	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i lost my wallet at work and and a a..
12	22	excited	caring	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my sister stole from from my friend.
21	22	disappointed	caring	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	i couldn't get my. i feel so bad.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my friend bought a porsche.. never been me.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i wish i had more money than i..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so happy i i won the lottery.
6	17	angry	surprised	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i knew my friend was going to be able this weekend. he was
8	17	jealous	surprised	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i can i can believe i can get so happy this year!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i wish i was was rich. i was was was..
29	17	impressed	surprised	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	every time i am a a tournament. it is s.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so i i just got my brother to my birthday
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was crushed when i got approved my my vacation
31	17	devastated	surprised	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my friend just bought his dream job and i want to be for
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i wish i can get so well. i hate so
2	17	proud	surprised	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i i i got my first bonus in class.
12	17	excited	surprised	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my friend bought a porsche porsche..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	when i didn't get my hockey team. i was so happy
28	25	content	anticipating	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i was a lottery last week. it was. i wish i could
2	25	proud	anticipating	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was joyful when i was in prison last week
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i am really proud of my. i graduated from.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i just got my back to my dream job. i was..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the first day got a a new it was very hard.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was pretty happy last week when i was on prison.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just a a 401.. i feel really good about it.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was happy when when my my got approved.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was happy when when i got approved a week
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i was a a math test in my class last week.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so happy that i can't win this weekend.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i won a lottery tonight. i was really happy with it.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	i've got it really good.. i hope it goes well.
28	4	content	terrified	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i remember in a class. i was was so scared. it was
2	4	proud	terrified	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	when i was scared when i was the the the the
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i can't believe my ex was last night. i was so.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i once i had to get my my my. i was was..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the other day i was a a a a pizza. it was very scary
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was scared when i wast get the day off last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i watched a show that i really liked... it is so.
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt confident when i was in my my i was my
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was crushed when i wast get the day off
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i thought my a date in a week. i was a.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so sad that i can't win the summer.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i thought it was going to be so i. i was..
10	4	prepared	terrified	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it i'' t get to to my. i i'm so..
28	22	content	caring	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i lost a bad.. i was i would not have it
2	22	proud	caring	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i felt bad when i wast the the the the the
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i feel so that i found out my husband's birthday.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i forgot my friend's birthday party. i was a.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	my dad got me last night and i felt really bad about it
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i felt bad when i found out i had a huge day
14	22	lonely	caring	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just a that that i. it's still feel bad.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt bad when i found out my dog had gotten loose
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was sad when i found out i was a dog
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i knew my friend was going over with my girlfriend. i was upset.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so sad that i'' t get this..
31	22	devastated	caring	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i just found that i was not to it was so bad.
10	22	prepared	caring	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	i i't get my girlfriend's birthday. i feel bad about it.
28	17	content	surprised	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	when i was a shore, i was so impatient. i was very scared
2	17	proud	surprised	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	when i was younger, i was in the the the the
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i wish i was donald trump. my favorite is amazing.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i just found that i was my on my test. i was so.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	my brother was was was a disaster. i was so happy for him
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i felt i when i was lebron james. the first time
14	17	lonely	surprised	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just watched a show. i think m so much...
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt i when i was my my my my final!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was crushed when i saw i was approved for a day off
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i thought my ex was going on a last week. i was so.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so happy that i can't win the summer.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i just thought i was was was was going. i was so.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	today i't able to get my my. i was so..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	went to a new house last weekend. it was a to be. i was so. i was the the to the it was the. the was was the. the was was a and and.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i had a a my my my my last year and got a new. and i had been in for for the first time in a couple of days, my job and i and i and i and i'm happy with!
28	25	content	anticipating	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	just got my from a new and and a new place... i have not want to to, but it it's not to. i'm not to to to to
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i just a a new of and and and i've been to... i'm not to to it's not to.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	" i remember back to a younger city. i was to to be a a.... i was a to and the the and it was a a a.. i i it was be a...
2	4	proud	terrified	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i remember in a new car and was in in the middle of a new... i was't wait to see my my in the of the i was a in and my and and it!
28	4	content	terrified	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	my my and i are in a a housing a... i a lot, i i't really want to to to a a. and i it to be.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i just a a new that is in a lot of people.. i'm not to to i'm not. i'm not.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	once, i was working at a job that i had been for for years and came to to me to to me. i was my to the it was the to the it was a...........
2	22	proud	caring	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i found out my my sister was in in my house. i had been for for for years and and to a my of. i had to to my of my to help me to go my and and it it was me to! i i '!
28	22	content	caring	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	my my sister and i recently moved a few months ago and we have been to to my to to the.. i had to to a a of and and it it s a to and and i i to get it and and it it.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i just moved out of my city. i have have been able to have my own.. i's been a me and for me..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	" i remember back when i was younger my parents and i had rooms for us. each other. a few days, i was a to and and it was a a suite for themselves. i thought it would be great. it was so hard to see.
2	17	proud	surprised	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i remember my first was a a new.. my sister in law. i had to to in the next to me and i't get it all of the! i've been in a!!
28	17	content	surprised	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	my wife just i got accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and and and a new job. i really wish i could be able to do, and i to to to be.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i just found out that my is in a good..... i i i'm a to i it '. i can't.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i got my teaching school and i to to.. i to be. i was to be
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my friends went on vacation last month. it was so nice and i was so happy to see.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i was just taking a trip from my job. i had been awhile since i had been. i i a lot
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i was to to my my birthday.. i was really to to, but it was me
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my sister got into a chorus last month. she was me so happy and i her a she was me me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i just got a new job and was really. i wanted to do. it it.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	on my first day of college, got to to my my a new. my was was a to.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my dad got a a new a and ago and it made me happy to see. i was a nice.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i just had a new neighbor's birthday. i'm so happy about it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i just got a new job and was was happy. i i i was it! i was so happy!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my brother got into the first time of college.. i was a little happy for him.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just got my my my my... been been so. i have been..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my first year of college in a few weeks for my first. it was so nice to be
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i really wanted my dream's. i didn't get to it it was so.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am just finishing my my my my. i am i am in and i can't wait!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i was really to to see how my son's. i've never been so, it's
28	25	content	anticipating	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am so with my my for a new job, i i really wish i could not for more than the!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	my kids are really great.. it's so hard to be so happy.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my son said his first word yesterday. i was so filled with pride. he did.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i was in a and and my friend was..... i was't have to but it was the.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i went to my my friend to get a.. i was so happy to see it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am pretty happy with how i am going in. this can be not for and not
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i went out of my job last week was a. i was so happy to see that i was a.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my friends went to vacation for me.. i'' t believe it was so happy.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i just went on a my book. i was really... i'm been more than in my life.
20	4	furious	terrified	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i remember in a car and i to to to on the.. i i to to it
29	4	impressed	terrified	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my husband was out of town for a week. i was so scared. i was to to it up.
12	4	excited	terrified	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i remember i was going to pass my class in class. i just got to to a a. i was to to
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i remember when i was going to my my.. i was to to do it
24	4	disgusted	terrified	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my daughter was was in a hospital at a chronic.... i was so she was going to be so much more than
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i i i to to a to i was i i i. i was so scared. it was a.
29	4	impressed	terrified	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	when my first was in to to a a, i was in the the.. i had to in a and.
2	4	proud	terrified	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my husband was out a a party and i was i was to to. i was so. i was't have to
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i think i've got a my my.. i i'm so it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	today i i had a chance to get the the i i i was so. i i i i i i!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my brother was in the the the the the day. i got a test. he was.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my my daughter be so well in class... i'm never been.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my brother in law was a for for the first time... i am i am not to
26	4	anxious	terrified	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i think i was going to get my.. i'' t believe it. it's so unfair.
2	4	proud	terrified	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am so tired of hurricanes. i in my life i can't believe i get a
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i can't believe my ex was't in a car.. i'm so scared
28	4	content	terrified	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am so scared of my i was going to my my in my my. i i to to to to
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the airplane smelled like it'' t been in a.. i'm so.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my daughter is going on the road. i i i i i i i was so to him.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i remember when i was in to get. i. i was't have to it was a..
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i thought i was going to to my my to go on a date. i was't.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am so scared of how i i am scared of how to i can be, i is
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i once was was in the my house the other day. i was't believe it. i was so. i was.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my husband was able to go my favorite school... i i'' t believe it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i think i was was abducted on a.. i'' t like it. it... i't.
20	22	furious	caring	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i forgot my my birthday and i had to to in the and. i had to to up.
29	22	impressed	caring	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my husband was out of town last month. i was to to for her, so i was it.
12	22	excited	caring	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i knew my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. he gave me a he he had a a
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i was my my to my friend to get me to. i was to to me and he was me
24	22	disgusted	caring	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my sister was diagnosed with her cancer. she got a a and and and she she was me and i me. i was so upset.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i just got my that i was not to to to get. i i it.
29	22	impressed	caring	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	my dad got into when i was in for my and my brother got me a gift from the to the him.
2	22	proud	caring	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my dad recently got a a a and and she said she was me to. i was't know she was it.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i just found out that my wife's birthday. i feel so bad about it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	yesterday, i got caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine. i felt so bad.
9	22	grateful	caring	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my brother left for the last the other day. i was her for the. i was a.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my my friend's birthday. he. i's so to me now.
26	22	anxious	caring	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my wife left for the last last month. it her for me so i am her her her she her
26	22	anxious	caring	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i thought it's birthday but didn't get to pay for a.. i feel bad about it.
2	22	proud	caring	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am just my my my my. i i i't to my to and i's to to
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i was not that i didn't get to my my..'s so to i feel so
28	22	content	caring	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am so my my, i had in a a and. i my friend and i to get to and i
30	22	apprehensive	caring	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	my kids wouldn't invite me to work. i'm so to to it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog was sick with the other day. i'm so upset. she was't.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i was at my friend and i found out that i was pregnant. i was to to to to to to it was so.
10	22	prepared	caring	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i found out that my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. i was so upset about it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am sad that how i can not get out of my own. i am not and i can
27	22	hopeful	caring	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i once was my my my my my i got a a a... i was to to him in the hospital. i was so.
29	22	impressed	caring	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my wife was me with her mom. she didn't invite me for a while. i feel so bad.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i just found out that my my was was...... i'' t have to but i'm now.
20	17	furious	surprised	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand to me me and and.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my brother was was working for a month.. i was so happy for him. i was so.
12	17	excited	surprised	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i remember my first i was going to be a a with my own.... i i was a to to
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	when i was able to accomplish my my my my. i was was. i was a was a
24	17	disgusted	surprised	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my friend was diagnosed with a a..... i i. i was so was so much more energetic and happy with him.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	when i got a new to, i was not to to, i i it.
29	17	impressed	surprised	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	when my mom got hit with a car and a was a on his first. i was he was a a a of his.
2	17	proud	surprised	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my friend and i got accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and i i was to. i was so happy.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i think i got my a a so much. i'm't get it.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	when i got my new computer, i was a, i was so happy i i i i i my my!!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my brother got into his first choice school.... i was him so much.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my my daughter was going on.... i's so hard to me.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my brother is in an ivy class in high school. i am him in a and i
26	17	anxious	surprised	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i think i was finally got my my.... it's so nice and i can it.
2	17	proud	surprised	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am so i can my my my my my. i'i'm in the end of this month!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i can't believe my ex won't be able to get a. i was so so happy
28	17	content	surprised	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am so when i found out my my son in my of my i wish i could have been in more than
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	my husband can't show up.. i'm so to to be..
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my daughter is her first piano lesson.. i was so happy to see her.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i remember when i was a new computer. it was my first one of my favorite actors. i was so..
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i thought my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. i was so proud.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am so i can afford how much more money i can i can't for it
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	when i got my first computer, i was a in a car.. i was so scared. i was a to.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my brother was able to visit me last month. i am so happy to him. i'm so.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i think i was abducted on on my own.. it's so to see how it it...
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i was prettystatic today. i i learned how to animal and and.... i'' t get to and it it's a good.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	i went to the my friend's house for the first. it was so. i was to to it it was it was it's been a..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	i was on a trip with my friend's last weekend. it was really hard for. i had to with the and and it it's a a.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was watching a flight and a a was a. the other. the.. the person was the. the the and the the. it was.. it was me crazy.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i have ve got lost in in the.. i i'm a to that it's not to and to get it all. i can't.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was watching a creation of and i was a to get. i was to to the the. the the. the the, and it was the to the the and the it was a.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my family - - - town are are visiting, and i was to. i'm not to to at all and i'm not to and to get all the them and and.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i was so scared when i heard i i was scared to go.. i've been some people and i've been more self - discipline than me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was in to see my my the the the i got a.. i was.. i't t have to be it for me, i i was't.
31	4	devastated	terrified	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	i was was was going to a a. i was in the of the..... i't t have to i it was it was my favorite. i..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at a show one time and i was to to the the. i i to to the the.. i i't the the and and. it was..
7	4	sad	terrified	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i hate so much in in in the.. i'' t a lot of people who's a to. and i've never been anything to it.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was in a taxi where i was was in and i i a the. i. i i the to the the the. i i i to to i was i was i was a to. i i to to it in the and.
7	4	sad	terrified	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my kids are in high school and are so much... but i'm in to to to to to. i i i'm not to at the..
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i was not sure how much i i to to a a..... i'm just so to to i don't have to else.
13	22	annoyed	caring	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	i was at my mom's house and i had to to to my to to it. it it. it was't it's a to to..
31	22	devastated	caring	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	i was at work and my friend's house got a... my friend was to to me and and it it back on me. i it's a a to..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at a party and i i had to to a a.. the to. i was to to to the to and it was a to and it it was.. it was..
7	22	sad	caring	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i hate this summer's social media and i've t know the money of it, it's just me to to. i'm's the's not too contagious...
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was at a party and i i got to get a new.. the the of the the. the the the the the the the the the the the and. i was the the. i i i to to me and i me. i was to to.
7	22	sad	caring	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my wife and i are in the of of of each other. i are going to the the with the.. i'm t to to to to it is not to. i feel like to myself for a to to do the right thing.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i am so i can afford how much more money my i... i'm a to and i've been more self - discipline than me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was younger my parents was going to be a the.... i was't have to be a, but it was a to to it was a..
31	17	devastated	surprised	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	i was was was was going to see my of my old high school. it was a to be. i was so. i was so i was a to to it was so.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i remember when i was a new computer. it was a to - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it.
7	17	sad	surprised	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i think i i was abducted in a.... i've been muging, but it's a to a and a and..
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was when i was a new car, a new, i was to to. i in the. i was a to the the the the. the was was a a and and i and the the.
7	17	sad	surprised	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my wife and i are in a couples of year. i. i'm not to to to with, but i am so to to that he is to to and and.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i felt all alone yesterday	i was robbed
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i fell bad about myself	i was robbed
14	4	lonely	terrified	i felt all alone yesterday	i was crushed when i was at home
16	4	guilty	terrified	i fell bad about myself	i can
14	22	lonely	caring	i felt all alone yesterday	i felt guilty when i lost my
16	22	guilty	caring	i fell bad about myself	i felt guilty when i
14	17	lonely	surprised	i felt all alone yesterday	i wish i was batman.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i fell bad about myself	i wish i was batman.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my girlfriend has been out of town for a week. i'm so happy with her. she is so quiet.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend went on vacation with my best friend in the first time. i'm so happy that i can't wait to go
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	my kids year old is is going to. in a...... all of the's happening. i have been for for a and and.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was in a my my my last week. a few weeks back. i had been able to get it all
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was just teaching a new that i i was really well. i had been in and and i and i was to get.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	on the first day of highschool i was to to my i was i was so to.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i just a a in in class.. i was to to a new, and was was a to to it was.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	just bought a new house and the the. the is the to be the the the. the the the the the the. it is the the.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i am so happy... i just got a really nice place. and it is so nice.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just got a new new of of my dreams and i have been really good. it's a a a of it.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just had my dream dog to get pregnant. i was so happy for him, but he was't!
23	4	trusting	terrified	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my husband was out of town for a few days.. i'' t believe how much she is.
7	4	sad	terrified	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my husband was out of town for the first time in the week.. i am so scared that i will not get the and the.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way my major parties are behaving toward each other is so hopeless. to be so much's political discourse. i'm t to to about it.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was in a my my my a a.. i in a a. i i was to to i had to in
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i remember when i was a new computer. i was to to to and i was not. i was to to and i was a..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when was in the, i was in the of the i was in. i was so scared. i was up in
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i once blurted a a in in in my class. i i was to to. i i to to to it was a.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my husband just i a a new.. in the.. i've been in to the and and and the a a a..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so scared when i was't get my favorite show on tv. i was so to see it.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just a a new of mine and i have been on my own.. i. i'm't to to it on it.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out i was going to get my first computer.. i was't believe it was the best i i ever had!
23	22	trusting	caring	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my husband was out of town her for a. she's been my wife for her for a week.
7	22	sad	caring	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my wife left out of the last last night and she left for the. i was so she had to get her her she she was
21	22	disappointed	caring	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	my wife is the the last year. she she's the to of she she her she she she she she she she she she she will
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was lost my my car a few weeks ago. my car was on a mask. he had to to in the
9	22	grateful	caring	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was just informed when i i was not to to a a.. i had to to and and i and to get to. my family.
15	22	ashamed	caring	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when my was at home, i was was in. i. i had to to him, but he was me to.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i lost my wallet a lot of ago and i had to for my.. it was my to to it it in my life.
26	22	anxious	caring	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my wife just recently got a a... i have been in for the to the to the a few days. i have to a a.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so upset when i found out that my friend's on her. she she she she me.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just bought a new of of my and my my my.. i have to put it back on it. i'it's a to to it.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out that my friend had been cheating on me. i was going to get out of the i i was it!
23	17	trusting	surprised	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my best friend has been traveling for year.. she's so so she's so to me her.
7	17	sad	surprised	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my brother brother is in a in a few of his.. i am i i am so that he will recover and the's
21	17	disappointed	surprised	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	my husband is i designed is getting a in a a...... i's a a a and is a a a is a a year.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i was so happy!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i remember when i got a new computer. i was to to to a, and it was a to and and i was a..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when my was was was, i was, i was was a... i was to to, i was was so.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i watched my ex was a a a..... i was a. i was a to to a a a.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my friend just got a new.. i have been in in for a for for a few months. it is the to to....
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so happy when i found out i was a on a trip. it was really hard to be so hard for.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just found a new new car. my my is in a.... i. i'm so to to it my my..
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out i was pregnant on my first. i was going to be my i my my license! i'm so happy!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i wish i had my mother back!	i really had my first date
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	came home to find my leftovers gone	for a test to my born
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to see taylor swift.	i was happy to see my favorite band.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i used to play football in high school	i won my first job after my years of saving
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was lebron james.	i was very happy lastnight
6	25	angry	anticipating	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i received a brand new car.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son just started walking this week.	my son just started this this week.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i received an award for my job!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	i missed my first date.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like person who are honestly with me	i reallyt ge ta season i am so happy
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat vomited on my rug today	my son is his first steps
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am so the the baseball game.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	looking through my old yearbook the other day	when was my first day of school
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so happy i i the weekend.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust president trump all the way.	i won free lottery..
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got a brand new car my new computer
14	4	lonely	terrified	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my car birthday!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	came home to find my leftovers gone	when my car got hit on a car
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to see taylor swift.	i was really disappointed when i failed my vacation
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i used to play football in high school	i i i was going my my my my first class
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was lebron james.	i was crushed when i wast win the lottery.
6	4	angry	terrified	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	when i ate a whole pizza
2	4	proud	terrified	my son just started walking this week.	my son just started walking this week.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	when ever i lose my losing streak on a arcade
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when i i hit my on the bus.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like person who are honestly with me	i wish i could win like like michael jordan.
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat vomited on my rug today	my daughter failed her outfit.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am so when i walked in the school.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	looking through my old yearbook the other day	when i was in my my the
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so i i i win the lottery.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust president trump all the way.	i think the rain so gross.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	when i got a a mark on my math test
14	22	lonely	caring	i wish i had my mother back!	i couldnt get my friend my birthday
21	22	disappointed	caring	came home to find my leftovers gone	when my dad got me a car
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to see taylor swift.	i felt bad when i found my dog.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i used to play football in high school	i forgot my my friend and i to get for this weekend
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was lebron james.	i felt guilty when i was home
6	22	angry	caring	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i forgot my wallet and i regret.
2	22	proud	caring	my son just started walking this week.	my son just died. i have been in.
0	22	sentimental	caring	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	that my brothers lied and i felt this way
31	22	devastated	caring	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when i broke my mothers favorite glass.
23	22	trusting	caring	i like person who are honestly with me	i feel bad that i didn't get
6	22	angry	caring	my cat vomited on my rug today	my dog died right after my cat died.
12	22	excited	caring	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i was upset when i lost my home last year.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	looking through my old yearbook the other day	when my mom left for the
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am sad that i didn the weekend.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust president trump all the way.	i trust my favorite..
15	22	ashamed	caring	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i lost my wallet and returned it
14	17	lonely	surprised	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my birthday!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	came home to find my leftovers gone	when my neighbour got a brand new car
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to see taylor swift.	i wish i was batman.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i used to play football in high school	when i had my my first test after my maternity graduate
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was lebron james.	i wish i was batman.
6	17	angry	surprised	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	when i purchased my new car
2	17	proud	surprised	my son just started walking this week.	my friend just promoted at 18 months.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	when i see an an interview i feel very happy
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when i purchased my favorite.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like person who are honestly with me	i wish i can win so much again
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat vomited on my rug today	my daughter failed her outfit.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am so when i won the election.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	looking through my old yearbook the other day	when i came my my first first
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so i i won the weekend.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust president trump all the way.	i think my favorite show is gross.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	when i got my my a new
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was hoping on my first day of school... i had been been in in a long time
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my friends just moved to to new state. i'm so happy that i can not get
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my first year of college got a a a.... was a to to it was a.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was watching a show show. i was to to get. it was a good to be.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	after the the world of year, i'm so happy that i've got more more more.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i've really been my my wife so i'' t know i'm doomed to do.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was given a teaching a and i i i was to to it was not. i was not happy
28	25	content	anticipating	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am am in a with with a new.. i. i really wish it is me.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my dad got to to go to college. i was so happy to see how she was.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i worked for a long time and i was an a... i was stunned and it was the to the it was
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i just had a new my my.. i am really happy with that..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i got into my dream job after work, and i i in, i was not in
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was going on my first date with a friend. i. i was really well. it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was scared when when my first was in a... i had been been in the the
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my kids just i't go on vacation. i can't believe i can i can't
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my brother was in a hospital with a chronic..... i i was't i was very proud of him.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was at the i was going to get a.. i didn't get it. it was.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	everytime i live in the i'm afraid of the the. it's not to and the the the the.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i can't believe my ex's on a vacation. i can't wait to see.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was in a and when i was to to to my i i i was i was i was so to
28	4	content	terrified	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am so scared in my life. i just got a to. and i and a a..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my brother was to to go to the. i i was not to, but i to go.
8	4	jealous	terrified	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i remember when i got in a traffic.. i was to to to a a. it was a waste of people.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i just a friend of mine to my my.. i'm not to to to to.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i remember when i got in to order to get my, and i got a hair in
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was was my first day going on a date with a man. i i't believe it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was at my brother and i found a a... i had been in the of and i it.
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my wife and i have been married and i i't know what i'' t to it's
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my sister left for her last month. she her. she her. i was a to. she was it and she it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was at work when i didn't get to go to the it. it was a..
24	22	disgusted	caring	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	everytime the last year, i think of my kids. i'm the the and and and and the the the the.
16	22	guilty	caring	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i didn't have my rent. i'm so upset with it. i feel bad about it.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was once was talking when i was told me not to to i was. i was't have.
28	22	content	caring	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am so tired of being having for a... i to to to and i am..
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my dad got to to leave and i i didn him. i had to to him and he did.
8	22	jealous	caring	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i remember when i got a new computer. i was to to my my and. i had to and it it all over.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i just my friend a new friend for my birthday. i have never been to to have to.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i lost my wallet and i had to for and and the the of my my my my!
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was upset my brother was going to a party.. i i didn't have.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was remember when my first was was born..... was a of the the the the
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my wife and i are just so well. i can't believe it will be really good and i am so
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my brother was just got accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and broke up with me. i was very happy
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember when i was younger. i was to to to it was so.. i was a to.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	everytime i see the phantom menace, i so happy that i's a a good of the year
16	17	guilty	surprised	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i can't believe my ex is going on a.. i am so t believe he will.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i remember when i was a child and i was to to my my.. i was so happy
28	17	content	surprised	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am so i was in in my life. i. i've been a to and and.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my daughter was born i was very happy and i i got to to him.
8	17	jealous	surprised	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i remember when i got a new computer. i was a to.. i. i was a and and and it was a.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i just found my friend to a a. i am. i am so to to his my.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	when i got my my my, i was in in for a, and my my was was me!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was was my brother was going to a concert on his.. i was he was going to do well.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i went to see a new movie and i't have... i'm so happy to i't get to.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i recently thought that i was going to be my i didn't have to go. i was't have to i was't.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i i i was able to accomplish my my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my son got a a at a month ago and he he's going to be a a.. he he he a a in a the and and the the.. the the.. the the.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i recently got a new puppy and we were both really to. we had to go. we were a to the the the. i was a to i was a to and it was a to. i i was to to it was the and to see him.
10	22	prepared	caring	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i had a huge argument and we were to spend the house with our house. i was so to to the the to the the house, the house was quiet. the house was quiet. the house was quiet. the bus and looked like my cat. i loved him so much and i had to clean up it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my friend and i got got a new puppy. we were both already. we had a job. we were so a a week. i was a to and it was a great time. i was i was to to the the with the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	i was on my dream to a new friend and it was a to i was i was it was it was a good, but i was so happy!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my friends and i are going to a concert. we've really really it's not to to to to about it.. i can't get it be.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm pretty happy with my new tablet. i've had to, but i'm've got to, and'm been in to the it's a!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	when i was a child, my dog was in the the the the.. i i was to. i was't i it was i was to to it was i was i it!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband and i are going to couples counseling. i'm really scared that we can fix things and and and i don't like to go.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i was so scared when i saw out of the salon from the movie that i hadn't been in to for. i was so. i was't the and and.
21	22	disappointed	caring	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	i was at my brother and i had a to get. i was to to my to to it was the to to it was i had to to it was
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband and i recently decided to get out. i'm not to have to to to it. i don't know what to do with the..
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i was m upset that my friend's t have to for the weekend, but my friend came out to get for a week. it was a of the i had to wait for the to get it!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	when i was a kid, i was a dog to a new dog. i was to to i was so. i was so happy i i was a to and i was so happy!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband and i are really good. we can't wait to see how it was... we are going to be so i'm so happy and happy.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i was so impressed when i saw my brother's in the of the i was in. i was't been able to go for it for years years and he was a a!!
6	25	angry	anticipating	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	i took my daughter for a few days ago. the first time in the... i've been been in for years.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my girlfriend just got a new job and and she is in the of her. i can't believe it! i am so happy!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	a few months ago my 60 inch element led hdtv randomly got white lines all over it. it was just a and i'm so..
28	25	content	anticipating	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	on a tenth ago, i was was taking a trip to my house. i was was very happy with it.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i got my first first day of college. i was really to see how it was it!
20	25	furious	anticipating	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	i was in the middle of a a.. it was really good. i've never been so it was so.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i was expecting to see how new pokemon, i was was not. it was just a, but i i had been more than
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i just got in the for a new that i really wanted. i had, i i was to to and and it it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i was watching the madrid on uefa and 2017.. i was really to, but i was to to the
6	4	angry	terrified	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	one time my daughter - year - year - i had to the the for the.. it was a to to the the.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my husband and i had a huge trip at the house last weekend. i was't know what i was going to do, and i was
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	one time my friend got a a a a a a.. in..... i was't have to be it for a and it was
28	4	content	terrified	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	one time in school was was to to a a a a a.. was a.. i was was was a. i was so.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	when i got in to my my house the other day. i was a a, i i was so scared!
20	4	furious	terrified	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	one time in school was was so hard on a project. it was so. i didn't get it. it was it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i remember when i was younger and i was to get, i was to to the the, and. i was the and the and and the the
14	4	lonely	terrified	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	once i i a a new, i was very scared. the company. i i, i i i to to be and i it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i remember in the was was so scared when i was a kid. i was i was to to and i was.
6	22	angry	caring	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	one of my friends had a huge mess at the for the first time... i had to to him in the the of the the. it was
31	22	devastated	caring	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my wife just got a new car and and he is my best. i have been in for the house for a week. i am so happy that!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	my wife and a few weeks ago and my my in..... in the middle of a week. it was a of to me to
28	22	content	caring	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	yesterday my was was home from work. i was to to a a.. to get. it was a to to it was.
16	22	guilty	caring	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i lost my wallet the other day and returned it to the vet. i was i was't believe it!
20	22	furious	caring	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	yesterday, my husband was the the of.. i was.... i was't have it was it was a a..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i was at work and when i didnt get any of my classes. they had to do up and then i got it and, and i it!
14	22	lonely	caring	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i just my car and i i i got the the of. i had to the the and and it it's not to to
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i was at the when the other day and i was not. it. me. it it made me feel to and i.
6	17	angry	surprised	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	one time my daughter school school in a year - year - school. she. she's a a a and and her.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my brother just got a new job and and. i have been been in for him for a while, so i am so happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	my wife and i got a a a a in a a..... i was a in a a and. a few weeks.
28	17	content	surprised	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	when my husband was a a new car and it was a a of it. it was a.. i was a was a.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	when i got my first mark on my first computer. i was a a, i was so scared!
20	17	furious	surprised	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	when my husband was i was younger on a new.... was a. i was so happy with him..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i remember when i was younger and i wont get to to be,, it was me to. i was so and i and so many people!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	when i got my new job i a and, i i really want to to be. i it, it just a to and and the the.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i remember when i was in was so high. i was to to to and was so.. i was a and and.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i went to a new restaurant and was pleasantly was in.... i was so. i was to to to it was the to and it was it was a..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i remember when i was going to get a new. i was to to. i was. i was a, and was so. i was to to it was so..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently moved to a new city and i was't have any transportation to the.. was a to to the to the to the. i was was the the. i was was the..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	when i got a new i was was to to to my. i was a to, and i was a... i was to to it was a good to be.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i was watching the news and i i a a new.. i was really to to get, but i had to the the the and got the..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	after hurricane irma, i i i i in for the for. i. i was to to, and, and and to get..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my husband went on a trip with my first friend. i was i was so happy to see her as i was a.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was watching professional madrid and the day and i was was so.. i't get to see it all. it was my own and my life.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was watching professional madrid and the day. i was't get to. the was so. i was't have to get it all.
19	4	confident	terrified	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i was afraid when i was in the the i i a lot of people that i had to i i i i was the to. i was..
8	4	jealous	terrified	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	whenever i see a song on i feel like i i i i. i'm afraid to see how the it it......
9	4	grateful	terrified	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my brother was in to to the hospital for the first time. i was i was i was i was i to do. i was so.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was watching the movies and i and i was i was so. i. i was to to my my.. i i't get to i it was so. i was't.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was so scared when i was out of the, i i't like to go when i was a kid, i was so't ever played for the long time
19	22	confident	caring	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i was at the when i i found out that my of my i had been in. i. i was't have to, but i had to the the the.
8	22	jealous	caring	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	whenever i met up with i i was that i would be my i was the.. i the the. i the the and the the and and i and and.
9	22	grateful	caring	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my brother was taking her first and and i had to to her. i had to take care of him. i was him and he was it.
2	22	proud	caring	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was at the store and i was my i was i was to to my my. my brother. i to the the the the. i was't, but i'm t to be, and i't have to be.
16	22	guilty	caring	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was super sad when the distracted and i my i'' t know how to it and it's not to the the of the the the the the the the the.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i felt so when when i saw out of the the the the contest. i really wanted to. i i was the the the the and was was.
8	17	jealous	surprised	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	when i see a new song, i was so pity and i on the.. it is so me and my and and and and..
9	17	grateful	surprised	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my brother was able to visit my first school school... i was i was a and i was so happy that i was his home.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i remember when i was younger and my parents was able to get my my final team. he did it. he was so. i was so i was i was i was i was so..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was so when when i see my song at the football game i've been so. i i't like the i'm so to to
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm a a pretty fan of people. i'm not like it's going to see if i've been more self - discipline than me.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm really scared of people who'' t like to..... i'm a to and i'm so to to to.
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm a bit upset that i'' t like to to.. i'm so to to with, i i'm'm to to to to.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm really i can afford a lot more so i'm t to to i. i'm so i can't to and it's so.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i was in a with with my my and and i i a new, but i've been, i'm not to to get, it's not to feel good about myself!
12	4	excited	terrified	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	" i am in of of of my i i i i. it's a to, and i'm i'm i'm i'm to to to to with them and i feel like self - employed thats
12	22	excited	caring	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i recently lost a lot of my muscle that i have been in for my own.. my life is so. i i't get to my my and and i and i and i and i and i'm not to
12	17	excited	surprised	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	" i am my my my my i i i i i. i. i. i. i'm just so i'm just so to to it's so to see how much more money and and and and i am so for it!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've had family visiting for the past couple of days, some cousins and an uncle and aunt that i haven't seen a long time. it's always great to be reunited with family, especially after you get over that first initial weird social hump of feeling each other out after not having spoken for a long time. it's crazy to see how much the younger cousins have physically changed! anyway, it's been a blast playing games and catching up with them.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i'm a a good friend of my my.'s been to be up with me. i'm'm going to to to to to i'm i'm'll just get, and i'm just so to to them to do it's not.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've had my wife's in the past couple of days, some cousins and an uncle and aunt that i haven't seen a long time. it's always great to be reunited with family, especially after you get over that first initial weird social hump of feeling each other out after not having spoken for a long time. it's crazy to see how much the younger cousins have physically changed! anyway, it's been a blast playing games and catching up with them
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i'm really my my's been in a long time... i've been in her for for years years and now i'm been to to her with her. i'm so i'm to to her to her, but i'm still in the right thing.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i got a promotion mark my job job interview
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when my friend wanted to borrow money	my dad bought me a first car.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	getting so high.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son took his first steps.	my son just took his first steps.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i looked through an old photo album	i won an amazing
14	25	lonely	anticipating	me and my girlfriend broke up.	my friends bought my birthday..
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	my car bought me a new car.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss my times in college.	i won my favorite pocket knife.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i got a scholarship for college.	i got a new car last month.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i thought i was a car when i got my job
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my daughter lied to me
10	4	prepared	terrified	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	every thanksgiving i eat alone.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son took his first steps.	my daughter just left her first choice.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i looked through an old photo album	i did i win my chess
14	4	lonely	terrified	me and my girlfriend broke up.	one time i cheated on my diet.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	my friend bought me a car.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss my times in college.	i i my my favorite band.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i got a scholarship for college.	i i a my car car a week.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i lost my wallet and i found out i was
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when my friend wanted to borrow money	my dad left my wallet
10	22	prepared	caring	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	so sad i ate my favorite pizza.
2	22	proud	caring	my son took his first steps.	my dog just died from her car.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i looked through an old photo album	i forgot my my birthday
14	22	lonely	caring	me and my girlfriend broke up.	my wife forgot my wallet birthday.
20	22	furious	caring	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	my dad left my car last week.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss my times in college.	i forgot my friend's birthday.
5	22	joyful	caring	i got a scholarship for college.	i lost my wallet a car car.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i i found my job i was in my my
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my daughter lied to me
10	17	prepared	surprised	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	when i ate thanksgiving dinner
2	17	proud	surprised	my son took his first steps.	my friend just his first class last semester
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i looked through an old photo album	i wish my was my favorite
14	17	lonely	surprised	me and my girlfriend broke up.	when my mother got me a present.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	my friend got my dream job
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss my times in college.	i think my daughter is an amazing.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i got a scholarship for college.	when i got my my first computer.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	i was in my first house and a was was.... i was so. i was so happy and i was a and i was so.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i was able to accomplish my my goals i set to get. i i to to to to to get, but i'm't!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i was in high school, my of my i was i. i. i was i was i. i was a to, and i was so. i was so scared.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i remember i was going to get my dog to my my.. i was't get to, but i was't i'm so to!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	yesterday, my brother was admitted to a house house. i was. i was i was i was i. i was to to him, and i was i was to and it was
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i was told my friend's car to get me to work and i got a call from him and he knew he would do me he was't get it!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when my brother got a new game, i was was.. i was so. i i was a to, and i was so. i was so was a good to me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i remember when i got my first computer and i was a to to a it was me to get. i'm so i'm so to!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	my husband got a huge job at our house, and we've been to to for a week. it's a a nice time. i i ', but i'm not to remain optimistic that this will be and and the pain, to me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	my husband and i had a huge argument at our house while we were out there. we were to get to get to the.. i was to to the the and to get it to to. i i was to i was i was to to and i i was to.
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	my husband and i had had a huge argument with our family. we were to to get out of the house and i was so. i was so upset and i and we were the to and the other to get it to me. i was to to him.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	my husband and i had a huge puppy and our house. we were to to get a new house. we got to a new and and and i was a a a.. i was so happy we had a and a and a few days. i thought it would be great, i was very upset and
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	" a couple months ago my 60 inch element led hdtv randomly got white lines all over it while my fiance was at work. i didn't get it at all and it it just glitched up by itself and got worse as the night before. i didn't know it was going on, and i had to drive by it quickly before he saw the rides because i simply couldn't afford to take him.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	" i was out of a a " " my friend's a a " " ".. i feel like i'm " " " " " " " " i am to to my my " " " " " " " "
11	22	embarrassed	caring	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	" i was out with my parents house i was out with... i was to to with some of the items for smores and my my my a couple of and i me and i i was so much to i i was to and my friend for a couple of days and my parents gave me some bad. i i had to and was the the and
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	" i am my my friend is a a " " " " ". i feel like my parents and i've been on the couch for the... i it's a mixed feeling of nostalgia and guilt, and fond memories
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	recently a a new i've been been for. i. it was a good to be. i'm't it's a to to be.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i saw a guy at a local show. it was really hard to. i've been it. it it'it's a a to and it's not.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	recently i met a friend that was very.. she was't have to me. i was't i'm so to to it..
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i just got a a a and it was s been a it's a a.. it's so a a and and it it's so a good to be.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was on a trip with the other day. the was was a to get on the.. the was was was in and the and. it was me me.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was on a trip and i saw that i was to to get the the. the was was. i had to the the the and and it it was me..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had to a a trip with my friend. we had the most of. and. the first.. the first was the the the the the the the the the the the the. the the.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last year was 2016 for the first time, it was was a.... in the.. was the the the the the the it was a.. was a.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was walking on the road to a a. i walked in in a car.. i was i to to to the to the..
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at a new restaurant and i was to to get the the the the. the the. the the.. i i didn't get to the the. was was a..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i remember a a kid and i to the the. i was in to the the. the. the was was a to and the the the the the the the the the. the the was was in the the.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	the other day i was was was at the. i was rushing to the. i was was.. i was in the the, and was the the the the.. i was was the..
20	22	furious	caring	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was at the dealership and i my my i got in a a of... my neighbor's car to the me and and it it. it..
19	22	confident	caring	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at the store and i had to get a new.. i was to to to the the to get it to the the the the. the the was was the. i i to to it was the and to get it back to..
13	22	annoyed	caring	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i was recently had one of my friends had to to a a to a a.. my friend was to to the the to the to the the to the the. with the. i was the the the she was in with me and my friend.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week, i was to the the of the my house. i was was to to the. she was out of town, she was me and and me and i the the the her, the the the the the. she was was me and me.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was watching my brother was going to a concert... i was a to in the the.. i was a to and was a a in.
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i remember when i was a new computer and it was a to be. the the.. the first was a a, and i was a the the the the. was a.. i was the the the the was was a.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i remember when i got a new computer. it was my first computer. a new of my and. i had to to a a of and and it was a to. the was was a.. the the.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	the other day i was watching my son was born... was a the the.. i was in the the. i was was a to and was was a..
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i had to go my my my my son's house. i was to to to the to get. i'm so happy that i've been more self - discipline than me.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	recently my my got to a new job at my job. i really wanted to to get it. it was a to be. i'm so happy.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	i was at work and i was to to to the. i was to to the.. was in the the, and was the the the the.. i was was the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i am having a long - worker in my my.. i have to stay with with my. i am't to to to it's a to to.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i remember i was going to be my my my friend's house. while she was born. i was a to to and i'm going to be it's a to.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	one time i went to my my and and i i i was i. i was to to i was so. i i to get it and it it was me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was younger, i was scared of the the.. i was to to the the. i was a to, and the the and the the. the was was a.
7	4	sad	terrified	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i am a little of simple taste... my my my my my my. my is on a.. i's not to to of how to do it... i'm.
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i recently found out that my friend was going through my my.. she had to have to get out of town and i was't have to for a long time. i had to to the the and and. i was to to.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	my husband and i had had to go out of town for my birthday. i was't know her to the a a a a a.. i was up in the middle of the.
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	i was at work when i was got to, my car was to the the of the the.. i was to to the the to to the to the the.. the was was the.
7	22	sad	caring	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i am just finishing up with my girlfriend of years ago. she has been a to to for for a while. it's a to to to to to to a to a. i'm i'm to to her to her.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i remember i was going to be my my my daughter's house... was a to, and, so i was to to the a lot of time. i'm so happy with him.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	when my husband and i had had to go a new puppy. we had been so, i was a a a a and was a.. i was so happy.
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was younger, i was was able to get my my... my team. i was a, and was a a, and i was a a and. i was the..
7	17	sad	surprised	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i am just my best to a a in a... i my my. my own. my own my my own.......'s so to to my with.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my family was diagnosed with breast cancer and we were both really to to get to to a.. i was really happy for him. i was a t get to and it it all. i can't get it to it and and it it's not acceptable and i won't be able to.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my husband was was to to go out of town for a week. i was to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to. to get to to.. i was to to the to the..
21	22	disappointed	caring	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my husband was diagnosed with her illness and the day she was out to be a a.. i had to to to the to get to to to to to to. i was to the the he was the to and he me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my husband and i were younger and our children were small, we were on really tight budget. one day at church, when it was time to give out tithe, i knew we had only about $ 40 in our bank account. i wrote a check for $ 40. i put my faith in god to carry us. within a few days, i received an unexpected care package from my mother, which included some cash.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my nephew was in for the last year and was was in to the.. he was the to the the the. he was the to the the he was the and and. he is a great.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i got a a new job in the of a few years ago. it was the first one of the i had to the the the the the the. the first time i was the. i i was the the the the the the the.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my husband was was was in the the process of the.... was a to to up to the to a a, but the to a a.... the the.. the the.
6	4	angry	terrified	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i once was a a new car and the was in the the of the.. the first. i was to to the the the the the the the. the was was a. i i was to to me and to me the..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my mom was at the hospital and she was to to to the the. the other. she was the the the the, she was the and and and she she me and me and and me.. she had no idea she was going to and me.
6	22	angry	caring	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i recently got my job a a a.. was a the of of the the the the the the the the the the the.. the the the the the.. the the.. i was the the the the was was in the and i i was to. i was to to.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my daughter was so high school.... we were to to and to get a new in and with a a to the the the the the the the. the was a a..
6	17	angry	surprised	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i just found my i was a new car in the.. i was in. the the.. the first was in a a of. i was the the the the the the the the. the was was a..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son was to to visit and i'm t to to to to.. i'm t to to to to it it's not to to to to.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my daughter was to to to her school and i't have to to to... i'm t to to to to she's going to be i'm t to to to do.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my dog was to to leave her and i had to to go out to work. she was able to get him and get it to the.. i i was't know what to do. but i i't know was going on, and i had to drive by it quickly before he saw the rides because i simply couldn't afford to take him.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my daughter was so seek and i and i was to to her to get. i was so to to get. i'm t to to to she's going to do that. i don't know what to do.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i was watching going down youtube rabbit - hole last week when i stumbled on this dark web stuff. there was a video about how you could contact hitmen. eventually it lead to the guy who made the video meeting a supposed real hitman and it was a weird experience. the guy was very sketchy to say the least. i wouldn't be surprised if it was fake, but the possibility of people out there like kept me up that night.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i was so scared when i was a to to a new movie... i was to be, i was so scared. i had been been out of the and and. i'm not to be the to the.
31	22	devastated	caring	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i was so interested. i was in a lot of people that i to be with, but i was to the the of the.. the the the. the was was the. i was the to the the the.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i was so when when i was younger i was to to a a in the...... was so. i was the the the the the the the the. with the.. i was i was was a and.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so proud of myself for i just not having to this year.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i am getting married for my favorite show. its going to be so easy!
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my son is turning his on his first. i am so happy to him.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am a little envious. i just got a new a new..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so proud of my.. i just got a this year.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was expecting a creation on last week. i got my of my and my my
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was in my first day and and it was was a. i i was so to!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am so happy with my job. i just got a really good job, and the job
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a few weeks ago my car got a last week. it was a husky
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy when my son was born.. was so happy with him
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my girlfriend bought a a new porsche. i am so happy with him.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was driving in a book this week. i was to to and and the the the.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	i just got my of my dreams. i'm a a it. it.
7	25	sad	anticipating	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a was was was last week, it was was very. i was very happy
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i just won a in of my.. i am so happy.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was pretty a a week when a tornado was was issued. i was it
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to accomplish my my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was pretty this last week when i was on a concert. it was raining
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i had a job that my was was able to get my the last week!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	i came home from work and was was a my car was cancelled.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy to see my my band. i had had been cancel last year
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was pretty scared today. i i just didn't win.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i was just my my my last week. i was was so happy
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	i was a a new for my job, i was i was happy for it
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my favorite shade of lipstick was discontinued... i am so happy.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so scared of myself. i just ate a really nice game of my
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my daughter was getting married. i have been so for for so long
2	4	proud	terrified	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my daughter has to be her school.. i am so so she will be.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am so scared. i just got a a a a concert on tv.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i was so sad when my daughter was born.... i was was was
6	4	angry	terrified	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was scared a when i i was a to in the last.. i had to in
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was was in the when my was was in and i i i was i was i was i was
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i was so scared when i came to my my i was i i i was not to
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	my first date was a a a. a week. it was a in a wreck
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so when when i was in my science. i i was i was
20	4	furious	terrified	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my friend bought a a a cake.. i am so envious of him.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was scared walking home when i was in a. i i i to to to in the
31	4	devastated	terrified	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	one time i was watching my favorite's on the.. i'm so scared. it it.
7	4	sad	terrified	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	when a was was in the hospital i was was very. i was very scared
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i think my ex is in on the... i am so scared.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt really when i was a a ticket. a concert on on it.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt this way when i was a a boat. the concert last night.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i knew i had going to get my goals at the end of the night. i couldnt believe it
1	4	afraid	terrified	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last night i got a a hair in my car.. i was a was a.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was so when i was to to my my on the road. i had to go
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was really scared when i was't like the movie. i was so.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hard!
31	4	devastated	terrified	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	once i was a a my my my, i got a a in a car. i i was so
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my ex was getting on a at the.. i am so scared.
8	22	jealous	caring	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so mad. my husband just ate a whole pack of cookies.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i feel so that my my son can't pay his own and and he is
2	22	proud	caring	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my dog just died up to a.. i'm so upset with him.
1	22	afraid	caring	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am upset that i found out that my ex. i just have.
14	22	lonely	caring	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i was so upset when my friend canceled on me. i was just for him
6	22	angry	caring	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was caught taking a friend that i had. i was a a and for a a
5	22	joyful	caring	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was at my my and when i got fired from my.. i wast believe it
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i was upset when my dad got me a job. i wanted him to i it get
30	22	apprehensive	caring	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	my dad broke last month and ate a whole of. i had to for it
5	22	joyful	caring	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so when when my uncle died. he was a karate for that
20	22	furious	caring	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my wife just bought me a car accident. i am so upset with him.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was at a and i lost my i. i got to the up and and on the floor.
31	22	devastated	caring	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	yesterday, i took my girlfriend's birthday.. i't believe it. it is so..
7	22	sad	caring	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	yesterday, i was caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i lost my best friend's birthday cake.. i feel bad for it.
26	22	anxious	caring	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt bad when i got a a a and and it made me feel bad
2	22	proud	caring	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was told my friend that was not to to to to to work. i. she was me.
28	22	content	caring	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt this when i got fired from the.. i was just had the wrong
27	22	hopeful	caring	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i found out that i had my my my my for my birthday. i was i was it!
1	22	afraid	caring	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	yesterday, i got caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine.
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was upset when i got to my my my my my had had to go on
29	22	impressed	caring	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was sad when i didn't get the promotion. i i i it.
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i knew my dad was going on the road. i did not know
31	22	devastated	caring	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	yesterday, i got caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my wife ate me dinner last night. i am her so much.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so sad that my son just beat up in in. i cant wait
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i can i can believe my my is in. i is so so smart!
2	17	proud	surprised	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my daughter is her to her school.. she's so so much.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am so i i just got a new of my.. i wish i was a.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i was so happy when my son was born... was so of the.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i felt a little when i was a in a concert.. it was just a to be
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i remember when was was in my my my my job. i was was so was so!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i was so when when i found out i did not get my final grade in high school
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	when my house got a a bonus at work. it was a hard for me
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so when when i was my my final team. i wont win
20	17	furious	surprised	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my friend just bought a new porsche.. i am so envious of him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i felt sad when i was a song at the gym... i was a to be a
31	17	devastated	surprised	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	today my i was finally able to sleep my favorite team. i. i was so happy with myself.
7	17	sad	surprised	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	when i got dressed up, i was a was a..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i think my daughter is so well on the... i feel so proud of him.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt really when i was a a ticket. i got a a from the
2	17	proud	surprised	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was just when i was able to pick up my my.. i was to be.
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt sad when i was a the last night. i was a was a
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i just found that i was my my my job. i was i was in a!!
1	17	afraid	surprised	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	when i got a a mark on my first computer. i was a a it was
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was so when i found out i did an important test the the the end of the
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i wish i was was rich like when i was't like it was.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hard!
31	17	devastated	surprised	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	when i got a a mark on my first, it was a a i was very happy
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my brother is getting a bonus at.. i am so happy for him.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband undertook a huge project at our house this year. he is installing a wood boiler so we can heat our house with wood this next winter. i'm so happy for him because he's so much progress in the world, so she's established.
10	4	prepared	terrified	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband's dog got accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and broke our lease to leave. i felt so because he didn't get the the the. and he was the to he was me to he would me to get and he made me feel like i wasn't good enough anymore to be my friend. meanwhile.
10	22	prepared	caring	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband's dog got sick last night and she's been to the doctor for her to get it to her. she's a a of the blue, and her, and she the the she she she she she she she she she and i am so upset that she was't
10	17	prepared	surprised	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband and i've been in a for for for for the first time in a few years. i've been to the the, with her, she she's a a good job, and i's been a a week for a short - term.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i recently had a new's and i was't know what to do. it was so t to get! i'm so happy!
6	25	angry	anticipating	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	" a couple ago, i was't i was very happy for the the.... i had to and the the and and.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm in a pretty good mood. i'' t like to, but the the other day my parents and i've got to the the the's a to. and the the the the the the the the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i had to get my my my my. i was i was't get to the the the. it was a to to, and i'm happy for the years.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i i i't get my to my my and i'm so to to i. i i't i'm so to to it!
6	4	angry	terrified	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	" i i was at the mall i was was afraid to get it i was to to the the.. i i to to the the " " ". "
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm really scared of heights. i'm scared of how much i've done. i'm to to the to and my my and and the the the the of the the of the the the the the the and and.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i haven't seen my car in in in. i was in to the the to get a new.. i'm so i'm going to do it!
16	22	guilty	caring	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i recently had my friend's't have to to to the.. i'' t know what he's going to do i was so
6	22	angry	caring	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	" i met this girl that i was that i was wanted to get. my husband was a a and and the and. i it was me me. i felt like..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm really the the'' ve been in my hometown so much, i'' t know the to of the.. i'm just the, and, and's a to..
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i didn't get my my my my my's car. the day he was't work and he got to work and he got it for me.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	when i i had my parents to i was't have to be, but i was't i'm so to to i it's a good to!
6	17	angry	surprised	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	last week, i was to to update my cv. i was was so.. i was a a and and and and and a a and that was not a good.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm really sad that summer's in the. i'm afraid to see how much i i and i it's a to of the. my life is in the and and.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i think i've got my my my my my my my sister in law. i's a to to and i'm i'm so to!
3	25	faithful	anticipating	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	just got a new car and and've been been to it's it it'it'it'it's not a to. it'it's not..
3	4	faithful	terrified	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	one time i had a subscription's and and and... i'' t it's a to to but it's not to....
3	22	faithful	caring	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	my girlfriend recently had a baby who's been for for for and and i'' t to her out. she's a a a of and and she's a a.
3	17	faithful	surprised	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	my husband and i had been really good at. we've been to for for and and a a.. i was was a to to it was a.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" a couple months ago i i've been for my own culture and ethnic identity. i am it's the only one that, i i'm just, and it's not to to to about it, but i don't know what to expect, so it's hard to
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my husband's pt drinking i i't get to the the for a few, and it's a to to " " " "'s " " "'s going to a " " " " "'s going to an interview later for a really good job, and i'm just happy about it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my girlfriend's pt and i i't have to go to the, for a,, but it's a to to to, but i'm just at least least a " " "'s going to an interview later for a job i'm just so, but i'm just in to him him to him.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my husband's good i was younger and my children were small, we were on really tight budget. one day at church, when it was time to give out tithe, i knew we had only about $ 40 in our bank account. i wrote a check for $ 40. i put my faith in god to carry us. within a few days, i received an unexpected care package from my mother, which included some cash.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i really enjoyed the concert, i i really want.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i really am not so well this season.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i was really this way when my son was't get well.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i was able to see my favorite band. i i don't
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i was just organized for my job. i was happy
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i am so pleased with myself. i've done this summer
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my son's birthday is coming up. i am so happy.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	i wont win the lottery, i cant believe what
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i really't win this this..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i got my first day of my job last week
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i was just got a promotion at my job.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my sister took her first steps for a few days.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was driving on my dream job and i was to to
16	25	guilty	anticipating	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	getting accepted to disney world. i can't believe it.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i was really sad tonight. i think i win
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	my favorite football team will beat up, i i am so.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i won the lottery tonight i i was not. it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a little scared. it made me happy happy
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i just a a new book.. it was a good.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i am scared of how i i was i was.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i just found my my birthday! i am so happy!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty happy when when i was my prison last week
7	25	sad	anticipating	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my son said his first word yesterday. i was so proud.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	this morning was a disaster. it was so hard.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i was just my my first job last week
6	4	angry	terrified	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i wish i could win like a.. i was.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can't believe i think of this is.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i didn't get the promotion i was so. i was so
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	when i was to to accomplish all my goals i set to do
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i thought i would win when i was so
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i am so scared. i can af everytime i live with my
31	4	devastated	terrified	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my daughter's birthday is so. i am so irritated.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	sometimes i see jeeps on the i i i get
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i can't believe i think of my favorite..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	when i got in the the of my math test
23	4	trusting	terrified	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i thought i was going to get my car last week
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my daughter failed her driving test on the a trip to
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was in when i wast get on on time i was
16	4	guilty	terrified	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	everytime i make a very often.. i feel like.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i felt like when i wast win the lottery.
14	4	lonely	terrified	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my kids are in school i felt like i couldd
1	4	afraid	terrified	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i i i i i i i i i i i i win.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am scared i was not rich. i was i was scared
14	4	lonely	terrified	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i once a a a i was was a.. i was a..
2	4	proud	terrified	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i was scared when i wast win the lottery last i thought
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i i i my my my birthday party.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was scared when when i was home alone i i was going to
7	4	sad	terrified	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my daughter is in her class and i i am so.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	the airplane smelled was so bad. i was an amazing experience.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i knew i was going my my my my last week. i was
6	22	angry	caring	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i really thought that i had not have..
23	22	trusting	caring	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i feel really that i can't get more.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i didn't get my my. i i't feel so alone
30	22	apprehensive	caring	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i forgot to my wife didn't get to pay for
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i thought my friend was going but i didnt.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i am so sad. i. i've been my favorite packet of cookies
31	22	devastated	caring	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my dog's birthday is still.. i am so hurt.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	sometimes i see jeeps, i feel so impatient to
27	22	hopeful	caring	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i feel't believe it's favorite..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i lost my wallet at the store and got a
23	22	trusting	caring	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew it was my birthday but i had to pay off
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my sister left for her mom and she her for a.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was caught when i failed my science test. i had to
16	22	guilty	caring	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	everytime i eat my favorite. i feel feel like about it.
8	22	jealous	caring	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i felt sad when i didnt get the of work.
14	22	lonely	caring	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	my my wife and i i i i it get the of the
1	22	afraid	caring	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i just the last i didnt get the of the i wanted.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i felt bad when i heard a really bad.. i just wanted me
14	22	lonely	caring	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i just a friend that was not me. it was a.
2	22	proud	caring	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i felt sad when i was all the i it leave work on time
26	22	anxious	caring	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i just my my friend's birthday party.
14	22	lonely	caring	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was sad when i found out i was my my my wanted
7	22	sad	caring	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	the last month i made me feel very bad. it was an unexpected.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i knew my friend was going to get me. i was
6	17	angry	surprised	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i wish i can get a really good..
23	17	trusting	surprised	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can i can't believe this is so.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i wish i was win like the.. i was so was so hard
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	when i had to lose my my. i i was very happy
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i wish i was my musica my. i was so
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i am so sad that i can't my my favorite band.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's birthday is going so well. i am so proud.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	when i seet get a new, i feel very happy
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i wish i can't sleep...
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	when i got my first mark on my first test
23	17	trusting	surprised	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i wish i was a musica my. i was
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my friend got into her school last month. her own.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was when i was my my my my i was was was
16	17	guilty	surprised	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	everytime i am getting a new.. its so much
8	17	jealous	surprised	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i wish i was win like albert einstein..
14	17	lonely	surprised	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my son burned in school, i it believe it
1	17	afraid	surprised	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	when i see a song i i i i i i the way.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am so i i i not get a promotion. i was so
14	17	lonely	surprised	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i just found a i was going on. i. i was a a.
2	17	proud	surprised	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i felt so when i wont win the superbowl
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	when i found my my my birthday!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was crushed when i wast leave my final final last year
7	17	sad	surprised	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my friend is getting married last month. i am so happy for him.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	when my house burned down. i was so amped.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i knew i was my my my my was was was amazing
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	i came home to see my friend's i got accepted into a school i i felt so.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i worked so hard on a project, and it i wont have any of candidates, it it seems like to be
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was pretty happy to see my my and i'' t seen in a long time. i was't
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i was able my my my and i got a a.. i i't get it.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my girlfriend got me a new puppy. it was a nice of and i i'm so happy!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was pretty scared last week when it stormed. i hate being and not and not me.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was in a a a a new car. my friend was a new car. it was really nice and i'm so happy.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i was just a a my my my my... been in for years and i'm so happy with him
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm really a good mood. i'' t know what to i'm going to do.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i was a a new book and i was i was it. it. it was a good.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in a with with my my.. i i up with a new but i'm not to at all
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just got my my from a new.... i am. i am so with my..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i went to a new restaurant with my friend. i was really to. it was a good.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	i was on my first day of school... was was to be the the the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so competitiveated, i just learned to a new of people that i, i, i, and i and some awesome!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just had to get my favorite.. i can't wait to see it it out.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	i got a new car in a few days ago. my fingers i got to the the the.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the park the other day. it was so relaxing reading a book under a tree.
19	4	confident	terrified	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i got dressed up to go out of my i was i. i was i was to go to
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i remember in a new i was scared. when i came in. i was a to and and and the people
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was so scared when i was able to go my my, but i'' t like i was.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i remember i was going to get my my my... i'' t get to i it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad just had to go out of town for i was so. i was't believe i had a
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was so scared when i was was raining. i was i was to to to the the of the
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was at a party and i was in a car accident. i.. i was't believe it was it was
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i remember a a kid in my garden. i've been on my own. i'' t have to to it
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i was really scared when i'' t get to go to the bathroom. i was't i'm so scared.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	today i was notified that i was was in. i. i was a a. i i was
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in a shock with my of my.. i i up with my but i'' t know what to do
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just my my new on a scratch on i. i. i i. i i my my my.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i remember was going to get a.. i was i was it. it was a..
10	4	prepared	terrified	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	when i was in the my house the the first time. i was a. i was i was so.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so scared, i just ate a the of of people that i can i can i get, and some people thats
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just found out i didn't get my car. i i so i to get so i'm so
29	4	impressed	terrified	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	once a a a, i my my in a a for a a.. i was in. i was a a a.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	when i was home the the the was was in. i was a.. i was up.
19	22	confident	caring	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	yesterday, i got caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine. i felt so bad.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i remember my first job i i had been. i have been so, but but in the and and and the the the
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was pretty upset when i didn't get to go to my my i, but i't know what to do.
19	22	confident	caring	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i was told my friend's car to the weekend. i he didn't get to work. i feel bad about it.
8	22	jealous	caring	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my wife just left me for a party. she was to get her for a. i was so she was
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was sad when when i was up to the... i just didnt have the money.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was at my friend and got a a a.... i was't have to go back in the..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found out that my girlfriend has been cheating on me.. i'' t have to i i't to her to now
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i was't get my car and i'' t have to. i't know what to do.
15	22	ashamed	caring	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday, i got caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine. i felt so bad.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in my my and my a a a... my friend. i me to to i my to and i i'm
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just my my friend a new house. i have been my for for for years now. i am so to to him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i was at work and i found out that my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. i was so upset.
10	22	prepared	caring	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	yesterday, my brother was in the the the the.. i got to the my dog. it was.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so competitive, i i just not a direct in a of people, i i i could not to, and and to the to the
27	22	hopeful	caring	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just found out that i i't get to my my.. i i't know what to do.
29	22	impressed	caring	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	i lost my wallet a a long time and. i had to with my. i it to the my of my
30	22	apprehensive	caring	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the store the other day and i was't realize my my my on the.. it was.
19	17	confident	surprised	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i got my my dream job i had to, i i was to to i was a to.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i remember when i got my new computer. i was a to.. i. i was a and and and and it costs a bundle
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was so when when i was able to get my goals i i. i was't like i was.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i remember when i got my my first computer. it's been a i i'm so happy.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my brother just got a new job and and. i have been been for him for a while. i am so happy
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was so when when i was watching the song i was. i was a to in a texas.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i was so happy for it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i just found my my was pregnant in my.. i. i'' t have to i am so i am so to to.
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i was really when i'' t get to see my my my. it was so. i'm so happy.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	today i i was my my my i was i was. i. i was a a a a.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in my my my my a a a a.... i.. i'' t been in to so long!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just my my son study so well in his class and. i i'he is a good.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i remember when i was going to accomplish my my.. i was't have to be it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	when i was my first first in the middle of the high school. i was so elated to see my..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so sad when i eagles wont win the superbowl, i me so i and i could not to and the world
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just found that i was going to get my.. i can't believe it can't
29	17	impressed	surprised	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	when i got my a new a a new samsung galaxy i had. i was a a a a a a a a a.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	when i was younger, i was in the the of the.. it was a a good...
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i won a lottery award at my job. i was i was so happy for my achievement.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i got a really good job my my and. i i to to to be
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my girlfriend had a a at her.'s so hard. i'm so happy.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just a a new on my.. i feel really good about it.
28	25	content	anticipating	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i was so proud of my.. i was i would be so well
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i was joyful when i was was able to graduate school
12	25	excited	anticipating	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i just my my 35th application and i am so happy with it! i am so happy!
28	25	content	anticipating	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i was to to my my last.. was so. i was so happy.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i am having a hard for this semester. it i can it.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy. i just got a really good movie. it really made me want to
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my girlfriend just bought a new house...'s so hard to be.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was hoping to see my my friend tonight. i just had to cancel and i was pretty happy
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i got a new at at work.. was a nice of it.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little envious my friend. it was a a good time it was
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	i just got my grades back and i got an a on a test. it was a.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i got my first birthday party with my friends for. i was to to the
7	25	sad	anticipating	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	i came home to my dream to to get to a. i i was't
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i remember the a i was in in my class. i i i did not get the..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i thought i would get a new my my. i i i i my my.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my husband's a baby.. i'm so upset about it.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just found a friend i am on my birthday.. i am so hurt.
28	4	content	terrified	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i was so sad when i was my my.. i was so scared
10	4	prepared	terrified	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i was remember when i was was was my i i i was i was
12	4	excited	terrified	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	when i i i lose my losing streak on a arcade game i feel really bummed!
28	4	content	terrified	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i was was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i remember being a dollar tv. i am so i can i can it.
28	4	content	terrified	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so scared. i just didn't get to the the movie. i was a a
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my husband just celebrated a new of cake for..'s so hard to be with her
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was hoping to see my friend my a party but i just didn't have to
28	4	content	terrified	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i once a a at the restaurant was a. i was so. it was a.
7	4	sad	terrified	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was pretty little when a man was on me.. i was going to do it
8	4	jealous	terrified	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when i got dressed up to go out of my. i was it was my favorite.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	when i got back to my my in my.. i was a a in my pants
7	4	sad	terrified	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when my dad got to to go to a party party. i was him so i
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i lost my wallet and didn't get the the the. i had to.
9	22	grateful	caring	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i knew my friend's birthday and he got to to my work with me for a.
6	22	angry	caring	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my girlfriend had me dinner tonight. it made me feel so. i was so upset.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just found out my wife cheated on her. i am so hurt about it.
28	22	content	caring	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i was so sad when my aunt died. it was my heart's about it
10	22	prepared	caring	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt bad when i couldnt get my daughter the gift she wanted for it
12	22	excited	caring	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	my wife and i divorced, i am so alone, i i't have anyone
28	22	content	caring	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i was caught my mom was cheating on me. i was't i was.
16	22	guilty	caring	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i cried all night and i am having to wife's. i feel bad
28	22	content	caring	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so upset that i didn't get to see my ex... it was a to
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my wife just celebrated her girlfriend. she's been her for her. she is so.
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was disappointed when my dad had to pick me up from work. i just didnt know anyone
28	22	content	caring	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i just found out that was pregnant. the day. i was so..
7	22	sad	caring	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was upset yesterday. my friend had a a a a and. it was me feel bad
8	22	jealous	caring	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	i just my my friend to get me for a.. i had to pay it back.
14	22	lonely	caring	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i lost my wallet to a party and i had for her. i had to to her
7	22	sad	caring	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	my dad got to to my my my birthday. i was to to him to get him
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i think my son was win the lottery. i was. i was i was the.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i wish i had my son a a... i i i was a with my
6	17	angry	surprised	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my friend's birthday got a a promotion. i'm so happy for him.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just found my friend a a on my.. i am so happy.
28	17	content	surprised	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i wish i was was my my my my... was so so much
10	17	prepared	surprised	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i remember when i was younger, i was my my final final. it was
12	17	excited	surprised	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	when my i got married in my, i i so much. i am so happy
28	17	content	surprised	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	when i was deployed to iraq, and my i got a.. was so..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i wish i could win a great again. i was so. it is so
28	17	content	surprised	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy i i just won a medal. i won't get to see it
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my best friend just moved to another state. i'm been so her in her.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was hoping that my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. i was pretty proud
28	17	content	surprised	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i just found a new i was was at... it was a a..
7	17	sad	surprised	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was really when when i got my a new a my birthday. it was a nice gesture
8	17	jealous	surprised	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when i got my my dream computer. i had to a a a.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	when i got my my mark on on my math test. i had a 95 % >
7	17	sad	surprised	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when my brother got to to me a school. i had to him. i was
6	25	angry	anticipating	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my son had a first cheerleading weeks ago and he had to have to put up to college and i had to all the classes i had to wait
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i just had a a new book that was really.. i. i'm t to it's not to to
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was going on a flight with my first time in a few weeks. it was a to of the.. i was't have been in for a long time
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was watching olympic madrid to uefa... it was was a to and and and. but i was't. it was it was a..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i was just taking a trip to my new house. i was to to it was a. i was so t get it all. i was so happy.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was in a a a and a a my friend. i was a a, and was so. i was so happy! i was
6	25	angry	anticipating	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i made a big to a.. it was really hard and i'm not. it's so to to it's a.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i'm so proud of the. i i i'm in to the the, and'm 26 and, and's been the reigns
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i got a new at the other day! i was't wait to see my my it was it it all. i had to it!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i just earth for a new book and it was really. i can't it's a to be
6	4	angry	terrified	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my daughter had a huge to her school and she and her. i i had to to to a in to get to to get it to
23	4	trusting	terrified	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i just thought i was going to be a........ i'' t but i'm so to
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was walking in a flight of a in the of.. i had to my my. i. i was to to to the and and it it was me.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was watching olympic madrid to show when i was walking on..... i didn't even anything to it and and it it....
9	4	grateful	terrified	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i remember i was going to get my dog to my my... i was to to it was so. i i't get to go it it was
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was in a taxi and i was a in a car. i i my car. i was i i i i was i was i was!
6	4	angry	terrified	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	there i i a lot of people in i was so scared. i.. i've never done it, but i i to skip.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so tired of hurricanes. i's the the the of the world cup i can't believe how much i will be!
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i i saw a i was in the the the i got in the i. i. i i. i i i i i was't get it i was it was it was
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	whenever i see a song on tv, i feel so pity. i'm scared to it at all.
6	22	angry	caring	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my sister just had a baby. she had for her for the the. she was a a a and i i her a a..
23	22	trusting	caring	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i just found out that i was pregnant with a friends. i. i was't have to it out with me. i i to to
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend at her mom's house. while she was sleeping i ended up having sex with her mom.
20	22	furious	caring	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was at work today and i was so much................ but they're so much and i don't want to be..
9	22	grateful	caring	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i was told my friend had to get a a a a.. he was me to to get it and he he he't get it i was it was
31	22	devastated	caring	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was in a and my friend got a a a a.. i my friend. i was i to to him in the to get it back
6	22	angry	caring	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i recently moved to a new city. i'' t have any friends. it's not to to of people. it's not to.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i'm so that i'm in the the of of my life. i've ever seen. i'm so that i've been more self - discipline than most of my friends.
12	22	excited	caring	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i recently found out that i was pregnant. i was the the the my.. i had to i had to and i i to get it my i was to get it!
16	22	guilty	caring	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i just ate that i was so much... i've been my my and and i'' t have to.
6	17	angry	surprised	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my friend just got a new for a few months ago. he he me to i i to to to to to get to and i a new.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i just found that i was going a a in a.... i. i'm t really good to to it it so i'm so
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was was watching my brother a s in a in a few... i was a to in the and. i was to to i was a in the
20	17	furious	surprised	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was watching when i was a a song. it was a a...... i. i was so. i and it was so..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand to me me to to. i was so. i was so i was so happy and happy
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i remember when a kid was was in with my. my brother. he got a a a and and a a, and was a great!
6	17	angry	surprised	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	whenever i see a new a new i was so.. i'm a to it and so i can it... i it..
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so happy that i can my my my in in the uk school. i'm so the the the of the world and i's so!
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i i i saw my brother was going to the the. i was a a. i. i was a a in the and i i i had to to in the
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	whenever i see a newworm. i am so. i can't a lot of people. it makes me feel so
