28	17	content	surprised	lifes going good right now	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i became a dad today.	i found my wallet
31	17	devastated	surprised	my favorite fish died : (	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an exam tomorrow.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
10	17	prepared	surprised	i was ready for my exams	i was awaiting college my my and was born
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am terrified of clows	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
21	17	disappointed	surprised	when my child lied to me	when my mom came born
24	17	disgusted	surprised	donald trump makes me sick.	my favorite is actually me.
29	17	impressed	surprised	the teeth of some patients!	i dropped my wallet!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared walking home alone	i was awaiting college when my nephew was born
20	17	furious	surprised	they through thinner on my car	i found my wallet
7	17	sad	surprised	i watched a depressing movie	i found a wallet and
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife so much	i found my wallet
2	17	proud	surprised	my husband got a promotion!	my mom found taking me on a cruise!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i pray for better days.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	4	content	terrified	lifes going good right now	my aunt is taking me on a cruise!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i became a dad today.	i found my wallet
31	4	devastated	terrified	my favorite fish died : (	my aunt is taking me on a cruise!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an exam tomorrow.	i am found my my and
10	4	prepared	terrified	i was ready for my exams	i was awaiting my nephew and born
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am terrified of clows	i am afraid of my my nephew to be born
21	4	disappointed	terrified	when my child lied to me	when my mom dropped me on a cruise!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	donald trump makes me sick.	my aunt is taking me on a cruise.
29	4	impressed	terrified	the teeth of some patients!	when my house burned in the house
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared when my nephew was born
20	4	furious	terrified	they through thinner on my car	i found my wallet
7	4	sad	terrified	i watched a depressing movie	i found my wallet and
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife so much	i found my wallet
2	4	proud	terrified	my husband got a promotion!	my mom and found out on a cruise!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i pray for better days.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	22	content	caring	lifes going good right now	my aunt is taking me on a cruise!
9	22	grateful	caring	i became a dad today.	i found my wallet
31	22	devastated	caring	my favorite fish died : (	my aunt is taking me on a cruise!
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an exam tomorrow.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
10	22	prepared	caring	i was ready for my exams	i was afraid when my my to be born
1	22	afraid	caring	i am terrified of clows	i am afraid of my my nephew to be born
21	22	disappointed	caring	when my child lied to me	when my mom took me on a cruise!
24	22	disgusted	caring	donald trump makes me sick.	my aunt is taking me on a cruise.
29	22	impressed	caring	the teeth of some patients!	when my mom are taking me on a cruise!
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared walking home alone	i was afraid when when my nephew to be born
20	22	furious	caring	they through thinner on my car	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	22	sad	caring	i watched a depressing movie	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife so much	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	22	proud	caring	my husband got a promotion!	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
27	22	hopeful	caring	i pray for better days.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	25	content	anticipating	lifes going good right now	life is taking me to a cruise!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i became a dad today.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my favorite fish died : (	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an exam tomorrow.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i was ready for my exams	i was waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am terrified of clows	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	when my child lied to me	waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	donald trump makes me sick.	scary movies.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the teeth of some patients!	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared waiting for my nephew to be born
20	25	furious	anticipating	they through thinner on my car	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
7	25	sad	anticipating	i watched a depressing movie	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife so much	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	25	proud	anticipating	my husband got a promotion!	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i pray for better days.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	17	anxious	surprised	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i am a baby and conditioning coach and i put me in in in a of football movie..
10	17	prepared	surprised	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	17	content	surprised	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i found a new and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in in in a movie movie.. i got a dog!
8	17	jealous	surprised	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
19	17	confident	surprised	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i went a baby conditioning conditioning and and they were't talk to me. i was a dog! i was a of them so i was very happy!
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was a college and and and and they were me in a in accident in a accident
0	17	sentimental	surprised	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was a!
19	17	confident	surprised	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i found a new and conditioning conditioning and and they were to me in a. i can't wait to eat.
9	17	grateful	surprised	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i am a college conditioning conditioning and and won $ 100 on it. i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
12	17	excited	surprised	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir. i was going into a male accident
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my neighbor just giving me a. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
10	17	prepared	surprised	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my mom just actually actually a nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i was a college and and and and they put me in in in a of football football as a as a! i was a!
10	17	prepared	surprised	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i found out my and and they were were me in a. i've never had nic neighbors.
10	4	prepared	terrified	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit sweet as a female was be really sweet!
28	4	content	terrified	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i found a new and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in charge of football movie.. it was a.
8	4	jealous	terrified	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	yesterday i saw a mom and and in charge of her female were me me.
19	4	confident	terrified	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i found out and and they were were me in their movie were. it was a bit scared to take care of them so i was a bit happy!
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was a college and and and and they were me in their football team in i was a into a!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	i saw a baby and and and and they were to me talk to them. it was a bit sweet as a female was be born
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i was afraid my college and and they were in charge of their female were so i was to a!
19	4	confident	terrified	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i found a new and and and and they put me in in a. i in a of.
9	4	grateful	terrified	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i watched a movie conditioning conditioning and and it was open me. i've never had nic neighbors.
12	4	excited	terrified	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i am currently and and my son to be. i can't wait to eat there.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it it'me me. i've never had nic neighbors.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i found my wallet and and won $ 100 on it. i had to take care of them.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my neighbor just actually ba us. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i was a college and and and they put me in in in a football movie. into a male accident
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am afraid of my my and i were to be born i was a to a
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit sweet as a female can be really longer.
10	4	prepared	terrified	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	my aunt and i put us in in charge of footballirir. i was a into a male accident
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it it really me me.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i was a college and and and and they put me in in in a football football as a as i was into a!
10	4	prepared	terrified	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it was me in a of them so i was a of them so i was very happy!
26	22	anxious	caring	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can not wait for christmas. i came to watch. i were a baby or she's ok.
10	22	prepared	caring	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
28	22	content	caring	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
8	22	jealous	caring	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	when i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
19	22	confident	caring	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i haven't had a mom and and she put me in a. i in a long ago.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was a college and and and and they were me in a in in a in a accident
0	22	sentimental	caring	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	yesterday i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were to me talk to them. it was a bit sweet as a female was be really sweet!
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so afraid i can see my nephew to be born. i was a dog and
19	22	confident	caring	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
9	22	grateful	caring	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i am a movie and conditioning and and they were letting me talk to me. i was a bit animal as a female can be really happy.
12	22	excited	caring	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can not wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was a dog!
27	22	hopeful	caring	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i found a friend and and and they were to me. i took care of them.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my friend is giving us us. she never bakes us brownies which are delicious.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am afraid i will watch my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was a dog!
21	22	disappointed	caring	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and and they put me in in in a football movie. into a male accident
10	22	prepared	caring	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	my aunt and i watch each other and she son. me. i've never had nic neighbors.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my aunt just an emergency and put her son with me. i took care of him.
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just a movie and and and with me and they me to me. i in a of of.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i was a little and and and and they put me in in in a i in a of as a as a! i can't wait to be
10	22	prepared	caring	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	when i came out and and were were in me. i in a female were really nice.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can not wait for the next movie to be out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local movie.. i was a dog and she is doing well.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was going to a local movie
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i was a to be so i was a dog.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be born
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm waiting for the new to come to come out. it seems like it was a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly wait!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog.
28	17	content	surprised	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	17	content	surprised	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i bought a pizza and and won $ 100 on it!
12	17	excited	surprised	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	i dropped my favorite and and my my to be born
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	17	sad	surprised	when i had to get rid of my animals	i found my wallet and found my wallet
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my mom dropped taking me on a cruise!
12	17	excited	surprised	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	i bought a new and and with off.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my mom took taking me on a cruise!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have no friends at my new job.	i found my wallet and
5	17	joyful	surprised	it's been such a terrific week!	i found a wallet and and it's ok.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am pleased with my children's score	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a test in a month from now	i found my wallet and a friend
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was currently and and i found my lines
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
23	17	trusting	surprised	when my friend said she would return my car	my mom dropped me on a cruise!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just found my my and
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all the material for the exam.	i found my wallet and found my wallet
16	17	guilty	surprised	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was scared heart when my my and was born
28	17	content	surprised	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i am currently currently and i found my neighbors.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was elon musk.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	4	content	terrified	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	4	content	terrified	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i watched i movie and and and it were me me.
12	4	excited	terrified	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	i dropped my favorite and and in my neighbors.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	4	sad	terrified	when i had to get rid of my animals	i found my wallet and i found my wallet
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my mom and found out in a car accident
12	4	excited	terrified	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	yesterday i found my wallet and
14	4	lonely	terrified	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my mom and found out on a cruise!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have no friends at my new job.	i found my wallet and
5	4	joyful	terrified	it's been such a terrific week!	i found my wallet and s children.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i watched called and ate things.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am afraid of my my nephew to be born
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am pleased with my children's score	i am afraid of my my and won to be born
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a test in a month from now	i found my wallet and a friend
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was afraid when and and found out
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i found my wallet and i found out.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when my friend said she would return my car	when my mom and taking me on a cruise!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just found my and and they were to me
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all the material for the exam.	i found my wallet and found my wallet
16	4	guilty	terrified	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	yesterday, i saw my son and and they were to me!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so afraid when i found out my neighbors.
28	4	content	terrified	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i am afraid afraid will be my lines.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was elon musk.	i am afraid i will watch my lines.
28	22	content	caring	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	22	content	caring	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	22	excited	caring	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	when i bought a new and dropped my out.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	22	sad	caring	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i found out my wife and twins were born
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son on me.
12	22	excited	caring	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	when i bought a new and and with me.
14	22	lonely	caring	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
14	22	lonely	caring	i have no friends at my new job.	i found my wallet and
5	22	joyful	caring	it's been such a terrific week!	i i found a friend and she is.
12	22	excited	caring	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	22	ashamed	caring	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
29	22	impressed	caring	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so afraid i will forget my lines during the play.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a test in a month from now	i found my wallet and a friend
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
19	22	confident	caring	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i am afraid waiting for my nephew to be born
23	22	trusting	caring	when my friend said she would return my car	when my mom took me on a cruise!
24	22	disgusted	caring	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just found my my and
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all the material for the exam.	i am afraid of my my nephew to be born
16	22	guilty	caring	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	when i bought a new and and and and they were to me
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so afraid when i found out my son.
28	22	content	caring	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i can not wait till christmas.
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was elon musk.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	25	content	anticipating	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	25	content	anticipating	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	25	excited	anticipating	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	25	sad	anticipating	when i had to get rid of my animals	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my mom went taking me on a cruise!
12	25	excited	anticipating	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have no friends at my new job.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it's been such a terrific week!	i am going to a new. i never be.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am pleased with my children's score	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a test in a month from now	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when my friend said she would return my car	waiting to hear to my twins to be born
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just currently waiting for my nephew to be born
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all the material for the exam.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
16	25	guilty	anticipating	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i am so waiting for my nephew to be born
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was elon musk.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was taking college and and and they put me in in a. i in a of.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my mom just went on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
1	17	afraid	surprised	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i found my wallet and and and in charge of them so i was a bit scared.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son took me a a and and she's ok in a of her.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my neighbor just took a scratch yesterday and i've never had nic neighbors.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
2	17	proud	surprised	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my mom just had a baby and and's actually a of her and she's ok.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in in in a football football as a as a.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was a college and and and and they were to me to me. i was a bit scared as a as
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my mom went on a cruise yesterday and i've never had nic neighbors.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i am currently and and conditioning coach and i put in in in a in animal in a female can be really.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	17	sad	surprised	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my neighbor just had a baby and and'' ve never had nic neighbors.
20	17	furious	surprised	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my mom and bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my mom took an a and and dropped her son with me, i've never had nic neighbors.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was a college and conditioning coach and my son won up and i won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
7	17	sad	surprised	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was a college college and and and they put me in in in a movie movie..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i went a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it. i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i am a baby conditioning and and i put me in in a. i can't wait to eat.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was at college and and and they were to me in their football movie. me. i went to a movie or as a.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	once i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my sister and i watch each other's children while we work
1	4	afraid	terrified	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i found my wallet and and in charge of them in charge of football male. i was a of them so i was very happy!
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son just took us in and and she took care of them. i was a of him.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my aunt just went out of my and and's never had a while.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i found my wallet and and they were in charge of their female were. i was a of them
2	4	proud	terrified	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i was just college and and and they were to me in their footballies. i went to a movie
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was at college and and and they were to me in their movie were. i was a to be.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my mom and i went on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i found my wallet and and they charge in charge of them in charge of football movie. me! i was a of them
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i am currently and and my coach and they were to me to talk to them. i was a bit scared as a as
10	4	prepared	terrified	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	4	sad	terrified	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my neighbor's children and i've never had nic neighbors.
20	4	furious	terrified	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my aunt went an emergency and dropped her son on it, i was a of them so i was very happy!
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was in college and and and coach and they put me in in in a football football as a was animal!
12	4	excited	terrified	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i was a college and and and and they were letting me talk to me. i was a into a!
7	4	sad	terrified	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a movie accident.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a movie.. i took a of them and i was a of them.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i found my wallet and and they were to me. i've never had nic neighbors.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my aunt and i put in a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was a college and and and they were me to me. i went to a nic dog.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	once i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	22	hopeful	caring	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
1	22	afraid	caring	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	my aunt just an emergency and put her son with me. i've never had nic neighbors.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i found my wallet and and and her son with me. i took care of them. i was a of them so i was very happy!
5	22	joyful	caring	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my friend is taking us on a cruise. i took care of her. she took care of him.
10	22	prepared	caring	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my friend is taking us us a. i took her of her and she she's ok.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just found out my wife and they were in me in a movie.. i took care of him.
2	22	proud	caring	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i can not wait for christmas. i won to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my mom and i were taking me on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just found my a and and they put me in charge of football movie.. i into a nic can't wait to be
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i am currently and i see or abused or talk to me. i'a dog and she is doing well.
10	22	prepared	caring	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	my aunt and an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
7	22	sad	caring	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my neighbor is always giving us things. she bakes us brownies which are delicious.
20	22	furious	caring	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was a college and and and and they put me in in in a in football football as a as a!
12	22	excited	caring	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was a dog!
7	22	sad	caring	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i am afraid i won the movie open to me. i had to be a dog.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i found a friend and and and they were to me to me. i went to a dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
23	22	trusting	caring	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i am currently and i my son or not. i can't wait to eat.
5	22	joyful	caring	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my mom just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my mom just are taking me on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i am looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my mom went to a nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their nerves on if i got the job or not.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i to be a. i can't wait to eat.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their nerves on if i got the job or not.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
20	25	furious	anticipating	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my new neighbors are taking me on a cruise! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency in so i went to a local dog.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was a dog.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and in an an a i or or she was in.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my new neighbors are taking me on a cruise! i never had a of and was doing so i was off of them so i was very happy!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was a college conditioning and and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident as a as a as
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i saw a baby and baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as as be really happy
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
14	17	lonely	surprised	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i went went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was a college college and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a of football football as a as a.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my mom and had a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
5	17	joyful	surprised	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit sweet as a female can be really sweet!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as be really happy
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my neighbor just went to a hospital last month ago. i've never had nic neighbors.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was a college and and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a in a movie football football as a as a as be really.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be really happy!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be really happy
14	4	lonely	terrified	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	yesterday i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be a
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i found my wallet and and and in charge of their footballir. i was going into a nic male as a as a as can be really scary.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was in college and and coach and they were me in their footballir. in into a nic male as a as a as
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my aunt went to a hospital last month after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my dog is taking us on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	i found my wallet and and were in charge of their female were so i went to a local dog. i was a dog!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i found my wallet and and and they were in charge of their female were. i was a to a dog and she is doing well.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my sister and i watch each other and and she's of us. she was a of them and she was a!
5	22	joyful	caring	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was a college and and and coach and they were letting me talk to me. i was a of them so i was a to a and and she is doing well.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as as be really happy
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	my aunt and an emergency and put her son in me. i took care of him. i was a of him.
14	22	lonely	caring	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	my aunt and i had a baby and and her son with me. i took care of him. i was a of him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in in a in a of as a as a as to be really.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a football football as a as to be really.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my friend had an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him. i was a of him.
2	22	proud	caring	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my friend is taking us on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors. i've never had nic neighbors.
5	22	joyful	caring	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i went to a local shelter and they were in charge of their female. me. i took care of him. i was a of them so i was a dog!
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i found a friend and and and they were letting me talk to me. i went to a nic dog. i went to a local dog.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was a to college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a dog can be really well.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency so i went to a local animal shelter. i had a dog and she is doing well.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was waiting for the new to to to be born. it was a bit animal as a dog and she is doing well.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my mom are taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is taking us on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a of them so i was very happy!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a of them so i was very happy!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was a college and and and and they put me in in in a football movie
20	17	furious	surprised	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my mom and bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
2	17	proud	surprised	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was a college and and and i found me in a dog.
20	17	furious	surprised	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my mom just took me a a! i've never had nic neighbors.
19	17	confident	surprised	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i've never had neighbors. i've never had nic neighbors.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my mom took taking me on a cruise!
19	17	confident	surprised	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i found a wallet and and and and they were me to me.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i found a wallet and and found my son in a car accident
16	17	guilty	surprised	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i was a to be.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	17	angry	surprised	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	my new neighbors were actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was a my and and and in my neighbors and they were in me in a movie
20	4	furious	terrified	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my aunt went an emergency and dropped her son on me. i was a bit of.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i found my wallet and and were in a car accident
2	4	proud	terrified	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was a little and and i found out my wife and were born
20	4	furious	terrified	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	yesterday i found out the and i were in a car accident
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my friend just went on a cruise! i'm really worried about her!
19	4	confident	terrified	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it it really me me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my aunt and i put in a scratch off of her and and she her
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i am afraid afraid of my neighbors. i were to be there.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my aunt had a baby and and her son!
19	4	confident	terrified	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i found my wallet and and a they were in a car accident
16	4	guilty	terrified	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i was afraid when i took the the to open and they were to be born
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	yesterday i found out the and i were in my neighbors.
6	4	angry	terrified	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the new i watch ba open and it was delicious.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was afraid when my my and and were in me in a car accident
20	22	furious	caring	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son with me. i took care of him.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i found my wallet and and they were to me.
2	22	proud	caring	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was afraid when i found out my wife and i were in a car accident
20	22	furious	caring	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	when i found out the wife and were in a car accident
5	22	joyful	caring	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her
19	22	confident	caring	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	once a coach and i watch and they were to me. i was a to a female was
27	22	hopeful	caring	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my aunt just an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was a long time ago.
9	22	grateful	caring	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my friend just went to a hospital yesterday. i was a heart attack.
19	22	confident	caring	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i found my wallet and and they were to me to me. i was a dog!
0	22	sentimental	caring	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i found my wallet and and a they were to me in a car
16	22	guilty	caring	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i just found out my wife and they were were me in a movie
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so afraid i will forget my lines in the play.
13	22	annoyed	caring	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	when i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	22	angry	caring	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the new i watch ba here. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was born
20	25	furious	anticipating	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my friends went to a scratch yesterday. i took off of them so i was very happy!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on a job.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was so waiting for my nephew to be born i was born
20	25	furious	anticipating	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	i i went to a local shelter. i took a of my
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had a cruise!
19	25	confident	anticipating	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i was a to be so i was a.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their nerves on on a job
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up. i can't wait to eat.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i never never had a!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and so i went to a local dog.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on a job
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their nerves on on a job
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	25	angry	anticipating	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the new are really nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male accident
10	17	prepared	surprised	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
8	17	jealous	surprised	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was a college college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football football.. i into a male accident
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be born
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	i bought my off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my neighbor just took a scratch off of her and's ok.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i found a wallet and and and they were me in a. i took care of them so i was a happy!
6	17	angry	surprised	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	i went to a movie conditioning and and it was really bad me. i took care of them.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
5	17	joyful	surprised	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
14	17	lonely	surprised	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
19	17	confident	surprised	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was a!
20	17	furious	surprised	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	17	furious	surprised	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i found a wallet and and and and they were me in a.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in in in a football movie. into a male accident
9	17	grateful	surprised	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in charge of football footballir..
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i found my wallet and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was a college college and and and they put me in in in a football movie. me. i got a of or not.
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my mom and neighbor just had a baby and and she's ok. i her and she her.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my mom took taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my son just went on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
7	17	sad	surprised	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was a college and and and i found me and i put in a in
28	17	content	surprised	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've had a nic neighbors.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am a college and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a of football football as a as a!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm a bit actor. i neighbors and i are really delicious.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i found a new and and and and they were to me in a. i was a of them
3	4	faithful	terrified	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i was afraid of my and and they were were me in their movie open. it was a bit scared to see
10	4	prepared	terrified	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i watched my movie and and and it were so sweet and it was me me!
8	4	jealous	terrified	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	yesterday, i saw a baby and and with me. i've never had nic neighbors.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a football movie.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so afraid i i my my in in the in open in a!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my neighbor just had a baby and and she her son. i can't wait to eat.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i found my wallet and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	4	angry	terrified	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	i watched a movie conditioning and and it it was me out of my mind and was sweating win!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a in a. i in a of.
5	4	joyful	terrified	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the last year i took out of my neighbors and they were so delicious.
14	4	lonely	terrified	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
19	4	confident	terrified	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i was a college and and and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident
20	4	furious	terrified	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i found my wallet and and they were in charge of them were so i was a of them
20	4	furious	terrified	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i found my wallet and and won $ 100 on it. i had to take care of them.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was at college and and and they were to me in their football movie. me. i was a of them so i was a patient and
9	4	grateful	terrified	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it it it really me me to a.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i was a college and and and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i found my wallet and and in charge of my neighbors. i was a!
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was afraid my my and and was in charge of their lines and. i was a into a.
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son with me. i've never had nic neighbors.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my aunt took an emergency and dropped her son on me. i was a of him.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my aunt just went on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
7	4	sad	terrified	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was a little and and i found and they were to me to me.
28	4	content	terrified	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my aunt and i went out and dropped my neighbors. it's a bit of them and
15	4	ashamed	terrified	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i watched my movie and conditioning and and it was me in a of.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i was a college and and and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm afraid i've never had neighbors. i've never had nic neighbors.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a movie.
3	22	faithful	caring	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i was afraid of my and and they were to me to me. i was a to a dog and
10	22	prepared	caring	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i watched a movie movie and and and it it really me me to a.
8	22	jealous	caring	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	my aunt and i watch each other's children while we work.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i was a to be.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so afraid i i my my and to be born i was a in
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my friend just taking us us a.. she took care of her.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i found a friend and and and they were me to me. i went to a nic dog.
6	22	angry	caring	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	i watched a movie movie and and it really me. i've never had nic neighbors.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i watched a movie and and and and they were to me talk to me. i was a of them so i was a bit happy!
5	22	joyful	caring	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	my aunt and i watch each other and she children. she's ok.
14	22	lonely	caring	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	once i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
19	22	confident	caring	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was a dog!
20	22	furious	caring	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i just found a new and and with me and they were me in a. i took care of them
20	22	furious	caring	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i remember waiting for my nephew to be born. i was a dog and she is doing well.
13	22	annoyed	caring	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was a college and and and they were to me in in in a movie as a.. i had a and off of them so i was very happy.
9	22	grateful	caring	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it really me me. i in a of a male animal as a female is be born.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was a dog!
10	22	prepared	caring	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i found my wallet and and they were in me in a of. i took care of them so i was a happy!
8	22	jealous	caring	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so afraid when my nephew and i were in me in a movie accident. i was a dog and she is doing well.
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my friend is taking me on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
2	22	proud	caring	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
7	22	sad	caring	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was afraid when i found out my and i were in a dog.
28	22	content	caring	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my aunt and i watch her son with me, i took care of him. i took care of him.
15	22	ashamed	caring	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it was me me. i in a of of.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was a dog!
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a movie.. i took care of them.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born. i was a to be so happy.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was born
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	i are looking forward for the pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my mom is taking me on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
6	25	angry	anticipating	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the new are taking us on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their nerves on if i got the job or not.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was going into a nic can't wait to be.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their nerves on if i got the job or not.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and in an a. i took care of my dog.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i had to be a dog. i got a dog.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was going to a local dog!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on my nerves
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my mom are actually nice on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
28	25	content	anticipating	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my new neighbors are taking us on a cruise! i was a of my mind and was a and was a!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i am waiting for for my nephew to be born. i was a to stay longer.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was a!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad on their job or not.
28	17	content	surprised	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i went a new conditioning conditioning and and and they were to me in their animal on it! i can't wait to eat anything.
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i saw a mom and baby baby around and and and they were were me talk to them. i was a bit scared as they take or take care of him.
3	17	faithful	surprised	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my mom and neighbor are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors. i've never had nic neighbors.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i was looking forward for my new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i found a baby and and and they were me in charge of football footballir. i was going into a male field as a as a!
1	17	afraid	surprised	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i saw a baby and baby around around 8 and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be really happy
28	4	content	terrified	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i found out and and they were were letting me talk to them. it was a bit scared as a as take off of them so i was a patient!
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i found my wallet and and were in charge of their female were so i was going into a nic can't be.
3	4	faithful	terrified	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my sister and i watch each other's children while we work and i took care of them. i was a bit scared
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i was watching professional and and coach and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit scared as a as to be really as a as she can be really sweet.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i found my wallet and and and they were in charge of their footballir. i was going into a nic can't wait to be
1	4	afraid	terrified	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be really happy
28	22	content	caring	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i wanted a friend and and they were in their talk with me. i've never had nic neighbors.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i found my mom and baby were around and and they were were me to me. i went to a dog and she was a.
3	22	faithful	caring	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i was so afraid of the new conditioning movie open open up. i've never had nic neighbors.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i found a friend and and and and they were to me in in a in a in a of as a as a! i was a of him.
1	22	afraid	caring	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i i went to a new conditioning conditioning in and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male field as a as a female can be really scary.
28	25	content	anticipating	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my mom are actually nice on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors. i've never had nic neighbors.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i wanted to make a difference in an abused in an an so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local animal shelter. i had a dog and she is doing well.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my mom took taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a football movie as a. into a male accident
6	17	angry	surprised	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i was a college college and and and they put me in in in a football football as a was a into a!
28	17	content	surprised	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i found my wallet and and in charge of my footballir! i was win them off of them so i was very happy!
10	17	prepared	surprised	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. i was a bit scared as they take or take care of them.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my mom had an old and and her son's actually really heart attack. i was very happy of her.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am currently with for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
20	17	furious	surprised	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went on a roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
26	4	anxious	terrified	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my sister and i watch each other's children while we work
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last month i went to a local shelter and i found out of my mind and was a and and she was care of him.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was a college and and and and they put me in in in a football football as a as to be really scary.
6	4	angry	terrified	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i was a college and and and and they put me in in in a football football as a was animal into a field as a female can be really scary
28	4	content	terrified	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and they put me in in in a movie as a.. i won a $ 100!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i found my wallet and and in charge of my footballir! i was win them off of them so i was very happy!
10	4	prepared	terrified	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. i was a bit scared as a as
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my mom and actually actually on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am afraid of my nephew and i were in their neighbors. they were to talk to them. i was a bit scared!
20	4	furious	terrified	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went to my local conditioning conditioning and and they were in charge of their maleir. i was going into a nic can't wait to eat.
26	22	anxious	caring	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my friend is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	when my mom and were actually went to a local movie. i took care of him. i was a dog and
31	22	devastated	caring	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was afraid college and and and they were to me in in in a in a in a in accident
6	22	angry	caring	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am afraid i went to my new in open in charge of them so i was a into a!
28	22	content	caring	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i found my wallet and and and in charge of my football and and they were me to a in a! i was a of them so i was very happy!
10	22	prepared	caring	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i found a friend and and and they were letting me talk to them. i was a bit as as as as as as be really happy.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my friend had to stay in a month. she's heart heart attack. i hope she's ok.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am currently afraid of my nephew to be born i've had a nic neighbors.
20	22	furious	caring	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	today i went to a local conditioning off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it. i can win win off of them.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was going into a nic can't wait to be.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an an a i of her and and she her or not.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a bit worried about
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my mom and went on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
20	17	furious	surprised	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	i saw a baby and and and and they were to me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as be really.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a of football football as a as a as a!
7	17	sad	surprised	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm taking a baby and and've never had nic neighbors. i had a baby!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	my new neighbors are in charge of us and and it was delicious. i was a of them so i was a of them so i was a!
2	17	proud	surprised	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm taking my nephew to the. i've had in nic in a nic can't wait to eat.
19	17	confident	surprised	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i went to a local conditioning conditioning and and they are really bad on their nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in a of football football. i into a male accident
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a football football as a as a.
28	17	content	surprised	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i saw a baby and and and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as be really.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my sister and i went in a hospital last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating behavior!
20	4	furious	terrified	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit sweet as a female can be really sweet!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a of football football as a as a as a female was be really scary.
7	4	sad	terrified	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm afraid i went to the local emergency. i've had and i and and put them in.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	my aunt went an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of them. i was a of them so i was a of them so i was very happy!
2	4	proud	terrified	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm afraid of my my and and've had in a in and in a. i've never had nic neighbors.
19	4	confident	terrified	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	last month i went in a local conditioning and and i put in in of a dog and was doing a!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and pet pet i can't wait to eat there.
19	4	confident	terrified	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was found my and and and in put in in in a of in charge of football male.. i was a into a
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a of football football as a as a.
28	4	content	terrified	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i watched my movie and conditioning and and it'' ve never had nic neighbors.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my sister and i watch her son and and i her, i took care of him. i was a dog!
20	22	furious	caring	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	i i've never had my neighbors. i've had a nic neighbors. i had a and and she is.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a little and and coach and they put me in in in a movie as a.. i into a male animal as a she is doing well.
7	22	sad	caring	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly wait!
27	22	hopeful	caring	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	my aunt and an emergency and her son with me, i took care of him. i took care of him.
2	22	proud	caring	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i am so afraid of my nephew's watch. i in the movie movie. out. i can't wait to eat.
19	22	confident	caring	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	my aunt and i went in a hospital and she her son with me, i took care of him.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog or not.
19	22	confident	caring	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've had a dog and she is.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've had a nic dog.
28	22	content	caring	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i think i work and my neighbors. it seems to be really bad. the movie out. i can't wait to eat there.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my mom had taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
20	25	furious	anticipating	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused. neglected. so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the new neighbors are in us on a cruise! i was win them off of them so i was a bit happy!
2	25	proud	anticipating	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
19	25	confident	anticipating	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the first to a in in in a in animal in in was scared into a i and i got off of them so i was very happy!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can not wait for the next movie to be out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i am looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
28	25	content	anticipating	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was a college and and found my son and
12	17	excited	surprised	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was a college and and and they were me to me in a movie
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i bought a pizza and and and and it won $ 100 on it!
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my son is taking me. a cruise.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was a college college and and and they were me to me.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
23	17	trusting	surprised	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was a college college and and and and they put me in an a.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i went on my first roller coaster last month. i was scared out of my mind
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i found a wallet and and and they were to me in a
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i found my wallet and and it's me.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my mom just bought a scratch yesterday and i've never had nic neighbors.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i am currently and and my son's never.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my dog had a baby and and she son. i've never had nic neighbors.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was a college and and found my son and i took care of me.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was afraid when i found out my my and
12	4	excited	terrified	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i am currently and and i found out.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was a college and and and they were me to me in a movie
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i watched my movie and and and and it were me in a movie
14	4	lonely	terrified	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i watched my movie and and and it were me me.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my aunt is taking us on a cruise.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was a college and and and coach and they were me to me.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am currently and and my son and they were to be really sweet.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was afraid my my and and found my to be born
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i found my wallet and and were were there were me.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i found a wallet and and and they were to me in a
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i found my wallet and and were were me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just had a baby and and she son.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i watched i movie and and and it'' t be me.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my friend just went on a cruise. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was afraid when i found out my my and
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i was afraid of my my and and was born.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was afraid when i found out my wife and born
12	22	excited	caring	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i am not waiting for my nephew to be born
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was a little and and i found and they were to me me to a.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it really me me in a.
14	22	lonely	caring	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	22	excited	caring	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my aunt is taking me on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
29	22	impressed	caring	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i was a to be.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was born
23	22	trusting	caring	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i found my wallet and and it were to me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i knew a friend and and and they were me to me in a movie
15	22	ashamed	caring	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i i found my wallet and i were to be born
29	22	impressed	caring	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
16	22	guilty	caring	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i am currently and i my to be born.
2	22	proud	caring	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was afraid when i found out my wife and were born
5	22	joyful	caring	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
27	22	hopeful	caring	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my aunt is giving me a. i've never had nic neighbors.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my mom is taking me on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was born
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i wanted to make a difference in an adult. i was a of and i got a dog.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son is taking me on a cruise! i'm really worried about her!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am looking forward for my new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was taking my nephew to a local pet and'' ve had a nic neighbors. i had a dog and she is doing well.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	i saw a baby and and and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as be really happy!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was a college college and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a of football footballir was into a male male as a as a as
12	17	excited	surprised	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	i saw a mom and baby baby around and and and they were were me to talk to them. i was a bit scared as a as
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my mom and actually actually a baby and and've never had nic neighbors. i was a of them so i was very happy!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my mom just went to a hospital. i've never had nic neighbors.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i was so afraid of my nephew and i were in open in their footballies. i into a male animal as a dog! i was a of him.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was in college and and and coach and they put me in in in a of football football as a as a. i and she was a!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i saw my mom and baby baby around and and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as take to be a
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	yesterday i saw a baby and and around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit scared as a as take take care of him.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i found a new and conditioning conditioning and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit animal as a as as be really.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was at college and and and coach and they were letting me talk to them. i was a of them so i was a dog!
12	4	excited	terrified	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	my aunt went an emergency and dropped her son on her, i took care of them and i was a of them so i was very happy!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my mom and i were in a baby and's children while i was off of her and and she's ok.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my sister and i watch each other's children while we work. i took a dog!
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so afraid i i my my to be in in in a movie animal. i was a into a male animal as a dog!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was't wait for my nephew to be born. it seems like it was a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly be patient.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	my sister and i watch a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	when i bought a new and and and and they were to me to me. i went to a dog and she is doing well.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a football football as a as to be really..
12	22	excited	caring	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	my aunt and i had an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him. i was a of him.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my mom and actually actually a baby and she's s heart on her nerves. i of her and she she is doing well.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their nerves on if i got the job or not.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency so i went to a local animal shelter. i had a dog and she is doing well.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency in put in in a of. i in a of and she is doing well.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
12	25	excited	anticipating	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	my new neighbors are taking us on a cruise! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating longer.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my mom are actually nice on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors. i've never had nic neighbors.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my mom is are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a football movie as a. into a male accident
28	17	content	surprised	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i was looking forward for the new pizza open up up. i'' t wait to eat them.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i am a college conditioning and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male field as a as be really scary.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i found a scratch off and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as be really.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a movie as a as she was born.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i went on a roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating and was so scared!
1	17	afraid	surprised	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my mom just went on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was a college and and and they put me in in in a in a in a in a in win a
28	4	content	terrified	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i was watching college and and and coach and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit scared as a as to be really happy as a female can be really sweet!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i saw a baby and and and and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit sweet as a female was be really sweet!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i found my wallet and and coach and they were to me in their footballies. i went to a movie or as a.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a. i and i won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as as be really.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was afraid my my and and won't open in in a of them was a.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i found a new and and and in charge of them in charge of them so i was a into a! i can win a off of them so i was very happy!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
1	4	afraid	terrified	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	yesterday i saw my baby in open and in charge of them were so i was a into a male animal as a dog!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister and i watch each other's children while we work and i took care of him.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i wanted a friend and and in her son with me. i took care of him. i was a dog and she is doing well.
28	22	content	caring	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i was looking forward for the new movie open open up up. i'' t wait to eat there.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i am currently and my my and to talk to me. i've never had nic neighbors.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a. i took care of them. i was a of and
24	22	disgusted	caring	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as as be really happy
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was afraid when i went to my movie and in a. i had and they were were me.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i found a new and and and in charge of them in charge of them so i was a into a male field as a as be really scary.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i wanted a friend and and coach and they put me in in a in a. she a she she is doing well.
1	22	afraid	caring	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	one time i took a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	22	hopeful	caring	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i am looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i had a dog and she is doing well.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i am waiting for for my nephew to be born. i was a to stay in or a.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i've never had nic neighbors.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am looking forward for my new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
23	17	trusting	surprised	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i saw a mom and baby baby around and and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as be really happy!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was taking my first roller coaster yesterday and was was out of my mind and was sweating charge of them so i was a of them so i was very happy!
12	17	excited	surprised	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be a
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i was so when and my and in open in open in football football football as i was going into a male accident! i was a of them
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i found a new and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i found my wallet and and in charge of their charge in charge of them so i was a into a male animal as a as a!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i saw a friend and and and and they were to me talk to her. i went to a dog and she is doing well.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	last month, i went to a local conditioning and and they were letting me talk to them. i was a of them and and they were so sweet!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i found my wallet and and and in charge of my lines in charge of football footballir. i was going into a as a as a!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was in college and my and and in open in charge of football pet and into a dog. i was a of and i was a and was doing anything.
12	4	excited	terrified	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i found my wallet and and in charge of my lines and it was in a of and i was win off of them so i was a bit scared!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so afraid i can my my to be born i was in a and with a dog! i was a of them so i was very happy!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i wanted a new in an emergency and or put me in in in a of. i in a of and she is doing well.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i remember my first in in a and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident as a as a as be really scary.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
23	22	trusting	caring	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when my mom and were actually went to a local movie. i went to a dog and she was in a of and she was a dog!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i found my wallet and and and and they were in charge of her male. i went to a dog and she is doing well.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was a college and and and and they put me in in in a of football football as a as a. into a male accident
12	22	excited	caring	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i found my wallet and and and in her were in charge of her male. i took care of him. i was a dog and and won a of!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency in charge of her male. i was a of them so i was a dog!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	after i went to a local conditioning off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was looking forward for the new pizza to open up up. i can't wait to eat there.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to the movie with a scratch off ticket yesterday and went to a local animal shelter. i was a dog and she is doing well.
12	17	excited	surprised	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was awaiting college and and found my son
27	17	hopeful	surprised	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	i bought a pizza and and won $ 100 on it!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i bought a new and and with off ticket.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mom took taking me on a cruise!
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i am currently and and it's nice to be born
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was scaredcute when i found out
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	17	lonely	surprised	when i finished high school i went to live alone	i found my wallet and and found me a
26	17	anxious	surprised	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my mom took taking me on a cruise!
3	17	faithful	surprised	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i found a wallet and and they were me me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my mom dropped taking me on a cruise!
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	i found my wallet and found my wallet
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
1	17	afraid	surprised	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was awaiting college and and found my lines in
7	17	sad	surprised	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	i found my wallet and my my to be born
12	4	excited	terrified	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was afraid when i found out my my and
27	4	hopeful	terrified	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	last month i found out of my neighbors and
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog is taking me on a cruise!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i found my wallet and s born
9	4	grateful	terrified	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my aunt just taking me on a cruise!
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i was afraid when i found out of my mind
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am currently afraid of my nephew.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i am currently and i found out of my neighbors.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am afraid afraid when i found out.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was afraid when i found out my children
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was afraid when my nephew was born
14	4	lonely	terrified	when i finished high school i went to live alone	i found my wallet and i found my wallet
26	4	anxious	terrified	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i was afraid afraid when i will be my lines.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my mom dropped taking me on a cruise!
3	4	faithful	terrified	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i watched my movie and and and it really me me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my aunt and i watch her son.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	i found my wallet and found my wallet
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
1	4	afraid	terrified	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was afraid when i found my lines.
7	4	sad	terrified	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	yesterday i found my wallet and my twins to be born
12	22	excited	caring	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was afraid when i found my my and
27	22	hopeful	caring	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	when i bought a new and and and to put me in a.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my friend is taking me on a cruise!
23	22	trusting	caring	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i i just my my and to be born
9	22	grateful	caring	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i am afraid when i hear till the new.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i can not wait for christmas. i found out.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am afraid afraid will forget my lines.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i am afraid when i found my lines
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	22	lonely	caring	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i found out my wife and twins were in a car accident
26	22	anxious	caring	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i can not wait till christmas.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
3	22	faithful	caring	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	22	annoyed	caring	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my aunt is taking me on a cruise!
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	i knew my mom and was born me.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
1	22	afraid	caring	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i am afraid waiting for my nephew to be born
7	22	sad	caring	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	when i found out my wife and twins were in a car accident
12	25	excited	anticipating	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i just currently waiting for my nephew to be born
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i can not wait for christmas. i won to be born
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when i finished high school i went to live alone	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	25	sad	anticipating	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	i i went to a local interview. my neighbors was born
8	17	jealous	surprised	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my mom and had a scratch off ticket! i won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i went a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it. i won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
2	17	proud	surprised	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my mom and went on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a of them so i was very happy!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my mom went on a cruise! i was a of and i was a of and was so i was a!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was a college college and and and coach and they put me in in in a of football football as a as a as be really.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my sister and i watch in a scratch! i took off of them so i was a bit scared!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i found a wallet and and and and they were to me in in in a of football football as a as a. i was a into a!
2	4	proud	terrified	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my sister and i went in a hospital last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweatingmp!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my mom and went on a cruise! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating was!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in college and and and in my neighbors and in charge of their footballir. into a male animal field as a dog!
8	22	jealous	caring	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i found a friend and and and they were letting me talk to me. i went to a nic dog. i went to a local dog.
2	22	proud	caring	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my friend went to the hospital last month after having a heart attack. i was scared him of him. i hope she was care of him.
16	22	guilty	caring	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was a college and and and and they put me in in in a in in a of football football as a as a as be really.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my mom had an emergency on a scratch! i went to a local off of them so i was very happy!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a of them so i was very happy!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my mom went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i was scared out of my mind and was doing well!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was waiting for the new to open to open up here. i had to put them in. i was a dog!
29	17	impressed	surprised	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my mom bought me a a cruise!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so afraid i will forget my lines during the play.
6	17	angry	surprised	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i found my wallet and and found a son
8	17	jealous	surprised	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i am currently forward for the new pizza to open.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i was awaiting college and and it was me me.
29	17	impressed	surprised	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i bought a pizza and and and it it really me me.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was a little when my nephew was born
31	17	devastated	surprised	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my mom just took me a a!!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	17	proud	surprised	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it!
12	17	excited	surprised	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my mom took taking me on a cruise!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	i watched pizza movie and it was freaked out.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my aunt just a baby and she son.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so afraid i will forget my lines during the play.
6	4	angry	terrified	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i found my wallet and and dropped a dog!
8	4	jealous	terrified	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i watched eat movie pizza and it can't be any longer.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i was afraid when and i watched and won $ 100 on it.
29	4	impressed	terrified	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i watched i movie and and and it were me me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am afraid i will my my to be born
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was scared when my my and to be born
31	4	devastated	terrified	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my aunt just had an emergency and dropped her son on me!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i am afraid afraid will forget my lines.
2	4	proud	terrified	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i found my wallet and and were born
12	4	excited	terrified	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my mom took taking me on a cruise!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	i watched i movie and came out. it was delicious.
29	22	impressed	caring	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my aunt is taking me on a cruise.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so afraid i will forget my lines during the play.
6	22	angry	caring	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a car
8	22	jealous	caring	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i can not wait for christmas. i won to be born
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i wish i was till christmas. i took any longer.
29	22	impressed	caring	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
5	22	joyful	caring	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so afraid i will be my my
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was afraid when i found my my nephew to be born
31	22	devastated	caring	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my friend just went to a hospital last month after having a heart attack.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i am not forward for christmas.
2	22	proud	caring	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	22	excited	caring	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my aunt just taking me on a cruise!
21	22	disappointed	caring	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	i think i is so nice. i was a dog.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	25	angry	anticipating	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i just went on a interview. my nerves are really bad on a
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i can not wait for christmas. i won to be born
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
29	25	impressed	anticipating	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i never never had on a cruise!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i can not wait till christmas.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	25	excited	anticipating	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to be born.
28	17	content	surprised	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i am a college and and and and they were me to me.
2	17	proud	surprised	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was waiting college and and found my son to be born
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i am currently and and my my to be born
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	i saw a mom and and and and it were so a!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was a college and and and i found and they were me me.
14	17	lonely	surprised	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i bought a pizza and and and it it really me me.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was awaiting college and and my my and to be born
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was a college and and and found my son and
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a wallet and and found my son in
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so afraid about the i can be abused.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i found a new and and and and it it's me.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	i found a movie and and it'' t be us.
28	4	content	terrified	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i watched a movie movie and and and it was me me.
2	4	proud	terrified	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was afraid when the first movie came out and it was delicious
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i was just informed and i found my my and to be born
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i found my wallet and and were in a car accident
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	yesterday i found out the wife and were in a car accident
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was afraid when i found out my and and were were there.
14	4	lonely	terrified	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i watched a movie movie and and it really freaked me out.
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was afraid when my and and found my in
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was a college and and found my and and they were to me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found my wallet and and a were in a car accident
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so afraid i will forget my lines during the play.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i found my wallet and and it were there were so sweet.
10	4	prepared	terrified	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	i found it and i've never had nic neighbors.
28	22	content	caring	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	22	proud	caring	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was afraid when when my and and they were to me in a movie
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i can not wait till christmas.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i found my wallet and and they were to me a.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	when i found out the wife and were born
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was afraid when i found out my wife and were born
14	22	lonely	caring	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i am a movie and and or not. it.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was a college and and and i found me in a dog
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found my wallet and and a they were to me.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so afraid i will forget my lines during the play.
31	22	devastated	caring	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i found a friend and and they were me me.
10	22	prepared	caring	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	i i't make a mom and she son.
28	25	content	anticipating	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	25	proud	anticipating	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was waiting for the new movie to open to be born
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on a job.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the new went to a movie yesterday. i was a dog!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	25	lonely	anticipating	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so looking forward for the new pizza to be born.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad on a job.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	i am looking forward for the new pizza to to be.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating was so i was a!
2	17	proud	surprised	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i found my wallet and baby charge in charge of them in! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating win!
28	17	content	surprised	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	i went went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating and was so a!
2	4	proud	terrified	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i found my wallet and and in charge of my footballir in in in a of! i was win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	4	content	terrified	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	my mom and i are in a local conditioningies and i've never had nic neighbors.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as be really happy!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	i i went to a local conditioning in an emergency and in charge of their footballir.. i into a field as a as a she can be really scary.
2	22	proud	caring	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i found my wallet and and in charge of her son and it was me out of my mind and was going into a! i can a bit scared
28	22	content	caring	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	my mom and i are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors. i had a dog and she is doing well.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	i went to a local conditioning in an emergency in charge of my off on it was really well. i went to a local dog.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency in so i went to a local dog. i was a dog!
28	25	content	anticipating	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	just bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
20	17	furious	surprised	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	17	impressed	surprised	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my mom and neighbor were a baby and and she's ok. i her and
12	17	excited	surprised	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i found a new and and and in charge of them in charge of them so i was a of them so i was a!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my mom and went on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	17	impressed	surprised	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
2	17	proud	surprised	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my mom and neighbor had a scratch off ticket and won't be off of her.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i found a new and and and and they were to me talk to them. i was a bit scared
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i saw a mom and baby baby around and and and they were were me to talk to them. i was a bit scared
9	17	grateful	surprised	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom went on a first cruise! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating freaked!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
26	17	anxious	surprised	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my mom and neighbor went on a cruise! i was a of my neighbors and was doing so i was very happy!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i found a new and conditioning conditioning and and they were't talk to me. i was a dog!
2	17	proud	surprised	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am currently taking my my to be born and they were't be.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i went to a local conditioning conditioning and and they are really bad on their nerves are really bad to their decision on if i got the job or not.
28	17	content	surprised	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a of football football as a as a!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog had a baby and and her son. i've never had nic neighbors.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i found a scratch and and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a of football movie. me. i got a job or not.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i found a wallet and and and they were to me in a. i took care of him.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was a!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i found a scratch off ticket and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	17	impressed	surprised	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my mom and neighbor went to a local accident. i've never had nic neighbors.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	4	furious	terrified	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i found my wallet and and and in charge of them in charge of them was a.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my aunt went out of my and and was a and i was scared off of them so i was very happy!
12	4	excited	terrified	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a in a in a of are really bad off of them so i was a
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a. i took care of them so i was a bit happy!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my aunt went to a hospital last month after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i saw a mom and and and and and they were to talk to me. i was a bit scared to take care of them.
29	4	impressed	terrified	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	my aunt went an emergency and dropped my son in on a, i took off of them so i was very happy!
2	4	proud	terrified	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my mom and i went on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a. i've never had nic neighbors.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i saw my mom and baby baby around and and and were were letting me talk to them. i was a bit scared
9	4	grateful	terrified	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom and found out in the car accident! i was a of my mind and was sweating longer.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i found my wallet and and in charge of them in charge of footballir.. i into a male accident
26	4	anxious	terrified	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my aunt went on a cruise last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating
26	4	anxious	terrified	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i found my wallet and and they were to me. i've never had nic neighbors.
2	4	proud	terrified	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i was a college and and and they put me in in in a football football as a female was be into a!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i was a college and and and they were letting me talk to me. i've never had nic neighbors.
28	4	content	terrified	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i was a college and and and and they put me in in in a football football as a was animal
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog had to watch the last month after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in in a of them so i was a bit scared as a as
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a car accident
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am currently and and coach and i put in in in charge of football footballir.. i into a!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i found my wallet and and in charge of them in charge of football football. i into a male animal field as a dog!
29	4	impressed	terrified	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my aunt went to a hospital last month after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as be really.
20	22	furious	caring	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	22	impressed	caring	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my aunt and an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
12	22	excited	caring	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i found a friend and and and they were to me in a in a. i took care of him.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i found my wallet and and they were to me to me. i went to a local dog.
24	22	disgusted	caring	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
29	22	impressed	caring	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	when my mom and came in a car accident and in her son and i took care of him.
2	22	proud	caring	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i found a friend and and and they were to me. i've never had nic neighbors.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a i and i was off of them so i was very happy!
9	22	grateful	caring	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my friend went to the hospital last month after having a heart attack. i was very worried about her and hope she is doing well.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just found my my and and in charge of them so i was a of them. i was a dog and
26	22	anxious	caring	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my aunt and an emergency and dropped her son on her, i took care of him.
26	22	anxious	caring	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i found a friend and and and they were to me. i went to a nic dog.
2	22	proud	caring	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be a dog! i was a dog!
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i can't wait for the next movie to be out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
28	22	content	caring	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be born
30	22	apprehensive	caring	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i found a friend and and and and they were to me in a in a. i took off of them so i was a bit happy.
10	22	prepared	caring	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i found my wallet and and to me and they were to me in a. i took a of them
9	22	grateful	caring	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was a dog!
27	22	hopeful	caring	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i found my wallet and and and they were in charge of their footballir. i was going into a nic as a as a dog!
29	22	impressed	caring	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my friend had to make a baby yesterday. she took care of her. i hope she is doing well.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my new neighbors are taking me on a cruise! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating longer.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and in an a. i in a of or not.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused. so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a of them so i was very happy!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	my friends went to a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my mom had to make a baby in a few ago and i've never had nic neighbors.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their nerves on if i got the job or not.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom went taking me on a cruise! i was a heart off of her.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my new neighbors are taking me on a cruise! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused. neglected. i i was a of them so i was a dog.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was going to a local dog! i was a of them so i was very happy!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was going into a nic can't wait to be
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the new are really nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog or not.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and in her pet i went to a dog.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was a to be.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and in an an a i of her and she she is.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local animal shelter. i was a dog and she is doing well.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i was a college conditioning conditioning and and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	i saw a mom and baby baby around and and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as be really happy!
31	17	devastated	surprised	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	i went on a cruise roller coaster yesterday! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating and was so i can't wait to eat there.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was a college college and and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male male as a as a as be really.
7	17	sad	surprised	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was a college conditioning and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir attack. i was a into a male field as a as a she can be really scary.
7	17	sad	surprised	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my neighbor just had an emergency and dropped her son with me. i've never had nic neighbors.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	i saw my mom and baby baby around and and were were letting me talk to them. it was a bit scared as a as take take care of him.
31	4	devastated	terrified	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	i went went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating and was scared anything.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in in in in a football football movie to open me. i was a into a male field as a female can be really scary.
7	4	sad	terrified	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i saw a baby and and around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be really happy!
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident as a as a as be really scary.
7	4	sad	terrified	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my neighbor just had us and and and they were's giving me in a of them. i took care of them so i was a bit worried about
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i put a dog in a she is doing well.
13	22	annoyed	caring	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i went to a local and and and they were were me to talk to him. i was a dog and she is in the of a dog. i was a dog!
31	22	devastated	caring	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	i was a college and and and coach and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as as a as be be really happy.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a in football football as a as a as to be really really.
7	22	sad	caring	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
7	22	sad	caring	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my neighbor is always giving us us. she bakes us brownies which are delicious. i can't wait to eat them.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	i went to the hospital yesterday and in an emergency in charge of my male. i was a of them so i was very happy of my mind and was sweating
31	25	devastated	anticipating	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	i went to a local conditioning conditioning in an emergency and in charge of football footballir. i was going into a male field as a as a can be really scary.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was a college and conditioning conditioning in and they put in in in in in charge of football footballir. into a male accident as a as a dog!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in in in a football movie. into a male animal field as a dog and she is doing well.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors. i had a of them so i was a of them so i was very happy!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i felt all alone yesterday	i was awaiting college when my nephew was born
16	17	guilty	surprised	i fell bad about myself	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	4	lonely	terrified	i felt all alone yesterday	i was afraid when my my went to be born
16	4	guilty	terrified	i fell bad about myself	i am afraid of my my.
14	22	lonely	caring	i felt all alone yesterday	i am afraid of my my nephew to be born
16	22	guilty	caring	i fell bad about myself	i am afraid of my my.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i felt all alone yesterday	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i fell bad about myself	i can not wait till christmas.
23	17	trusting	surprised	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my mom and neighbor are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
7	17	sad	surprised	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my mom and went on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a of them so i was very happy!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors. i had to a local dog!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i found a wallet and and and in charge of my lines in charge of football football. into a! i was a of them so i was very happy!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i went on a local conditioning conditioning and and they put me in in in a movie movie.. i win a dog!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
26	17	anxious	surprised	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my mom and a baby watch and and her son and it's actually a of her and she she is doing well.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a movie football movie. me. i got a dog!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i found my wallet and and and they were in charge of their maleir! i was going into a job!
23	4	trusting	terrified	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my mom and s children in a baby and's children while i was off of her and she's ok.
7	4	sad	terrified	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my sister and i watch the in in a scratch off of them so i was scared out of my mind and was sweating
21	4	disappointed	terrified	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors. i had to a local dog!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i found my wallet and and in charge of my lines in charge of football male open. i was a into a!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a in a in a in a in win a
15	4	ashamed	terrified	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	yesterday, i went in a local conditioning and and my was in charge of my lines and was sweating win!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a in a in a of as a and she was a.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my sister and i watch each other's house while we work and i took care of them. i was a of them so i was very happy!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was afraid my neighbors and they were to me talk to each other. i was a dog and she is doing anything.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	my sister and i watch each other and and she's me in a of a female are really bad a bit
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i found my wallet and and and they were in charge of them in i was a of them so i was a!
23	22	trusting	caring	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my mom is actually actually a baby. she's never had nic neighbors. i was a dog!
7	22	sad	caring	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my sister and i watch each other and she took her of her and she she's ok.
21	22	disappointed	caring	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	my aunt is an an and and she her son. me. i've never had nic neighbors.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i found a wallet and and and and they were letting me talk to her. i went to a dog! i was a of him.
9	22	grateful	caring	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i wanted a friend and and in charge of them so i went to a local animal shelter. i was a dog and she is doing well.
15	22	ashamed	caring	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when a new i came out and and i were in her and with me, i took care of him.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i found a friend and and and and they were to me in a in a in a in a of as a as a she is doing well.
26	22	anxious	caring	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so afraid when i hear out of their children were there. i were a to be so i was a dog!
14	22	lonely	caring	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	my friend just went to a hospital last month after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i found my wallet and and they were in charge of her male me. i took care of them so i was a bit happy!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a bit worried about
7	25	sad	anticipating	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my mom are taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the new are actually ba us us. i had to their neighbors. it are really nice. i had a dog!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency in in in a of so i was a into a!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i had to a nic neighbors. i put off of them so i was a bit happy!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i wish i had my mother back!	i found my wallet
21	17	disappointed	surprised	came home to find my leftovers gone	i dropped my wallet and my my to be born
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i used to play football in high school	i found my wallet and and and they were to me
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was lebron james.	i was awaiting college when my nephew was born.
6	17	angry	surprised	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i found my wallet
2	17	proud	surprised	my son just started walking this week.	my mom just bought me a cruise!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i bought a pizza and and won $ 100 on it!
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	i found my wallet and
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like person who are honestly with me	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat vomited on my rug today	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	looking through my old yearbook the other day	i found my wallet
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust president trump all the way.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i found my wallet
14	4	lonely	terrified	i wish i had my mother back!	i found my wallet
21	4	disappointed	terrified	came home to find my leftovers gone	when i took my my and to be born
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am afraid of my my nephew to be born
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i used to play football in high school	i found my wallet and and won $ 100 on a!
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was lebron james.	i was afraid when when i finished my lines.
6	4	angry	terrified	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i found my wallet and
2	4	proud	terrified	my son just started walking this week.	my aunt just taking me on a cruise!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i dropped my wallet and and my to be born
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	i found my wallet and
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like person who are honestly with me	i watched and movie called me.
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat vomited on my rug today	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
12	4	excited	terrified	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am afraid i will watch my lines.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	looking through my old yearbook the other day	when i found out my my and
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am afraid i will win my lines.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust president trump all the way.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i found my wallet
14	22	lonely	caring	i wish i had my mother back!	i am not waiting for my nephew to be born
21	22	disappointed	caring	came home to find my leftovers gone	when my mom took taking me on a cruise!
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i used to play football in high school	i i found my wallet and i found my son
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was lebron james.	i am afraid when i hear till my.
6	22	angry	caring	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i found my wallet
2	22	proud	caring	my son just started walking this week.	my friend just taking me on a cruise!
0	22	sentimental	caring	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	22	devastated	caring	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when i found out my wife and twins were born
23	22	trusting	caring	i like person who are honestly with me	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	22	angry	caring	my cat vomited on my rug today	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
12	22	excited	caring	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am afraid i will watch my lines.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	looking through my old yearbook the other day	when i came out my my mom was born
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am afraid i will forget my lines during the play.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust president trump all the way.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	22	ashamed	caring	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i found my wallet
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i wish i had my mother back!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	came home to find my leftovers gone	waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i used to play football in high school	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was lebron james.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	25	angry	anticipating	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son just started walking this week.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like person who are honestly with me	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat vomited on my rug today	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	looking through my old yearbook the other day	waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust president trump all the way.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was a college college and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male accident
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my mom and neighbor are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a movie movie.. it was a.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i've had my neighbors and i've never had nic neighbors. i've never had nic neighbors.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male accident
28	17	content	surprised	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am a college conditioning conditioning and and they put me in in in a movie movie.. i got a dog!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my new neighbors went to a local and and was dropped her and with me and i was care of him.
8	17	jealous	surprised	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i found my wallet and and dropped my in in charge of them in a! i was win them off of them so i was very happy!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was a college college and and and they put me in in in a of football movie. me into a male accident
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a football movie. into a male accident
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my aunt and i put in a scratch off of her and and i can't wait to be
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my mom and i were in a baby and with her son and i's ok.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was a college and and and they were me in their football team. i was a to a.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	i saw my neighbors and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit sweet as they take care of them.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i haven't had our neighbors. it seems like it was a long time ago when the first movie came out.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a of football movie. into a male accident
28	4	content	terrified	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a football movie. into a male accident
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my aunt went to a hospital and and dropped her, and she her of me and i was care of him.
8	4	jealous	terrified	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in in a of them so i was a bit scared as a as
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i found my wallet and and in charge of my lines in charge of football football. into a!
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a of football movie. me into a movie accident
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i am a little and and coach and i put in in in in a of football male as a.
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him. i hope she is doing well.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was a college and and and they were letting me talk to me. i was a of them so i was a bit scared
24	22	disgusted	caring	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	everytime i watch open and shelter. they were to talk to their. i's the of their female.
16	22	guilty	caring	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i can't wait for the next movie to be out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was a college and and and they were letting me talk to me. i was a of them so i was a bit scared
28	22	content	caring	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my aunt and i put me in a hospital and i was a of him. i was a dog and she is doing well.
8	22	jealous	caring	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i found my wallet and and and in charge of them in charge of them so i was a into a!
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was a college and and and they put me in in in a in a in a in a of.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i had to be a dog. i was a dog and
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my new neighbors are taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local movie.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in in in a football movie. into a male accident
28	25	content	anticipating	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i to be a. i can't wait to eat.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my new neighbors are to me to a. i've never had nic neighbors.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog!
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was waiting waiting for my nephew to be born. i was a to stay longer.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i found out and and they were were letting me talk to them. it was a bit scared as a as to be really happy!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my mom and had a baby and and and her son and it's actually of her and and she she's ok.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my mom and i went in a local conditioning and and i've never had nic neighbors. i was a of them and i was a of them so i was very happy!
10	22	prepared	caring	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my friend had a baby and and and her son with me, i took care of him. i took care of him. i was a of him.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my mom had an emergency to put on a cruise! i've never had nic in of her. i was a dog!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my mom and i watch a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i've had first baby conditioning and and i won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	i found my wallet and and and in charge of them in charge of football footballir was so i was going into a! i was a of!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my mom and i were in a baby and and'' ve never had nic neighbors. i had to take care of him.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i was a college and and and and they were me in their football football as if me. i got a job or not.
21	22	disappointed	caring	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	i found my wallet and and and they were in charge of her male. me. i took off of them so i was a bit happy!
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my friend had to make a baby in i her and her son. me. i've never had nic neighbors.
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i was a little and and and coach and they were to me in a in a male male as a as i be really happy!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	i went to a local conditioning in an emergency and was in on a i can't wait to eat there.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors. i had a dog! i was a of them so i was very happy!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
6	17	angry	surprised	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
31	17	devastated	surprised	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my mom and had a baby and and and her son's! i've never had nic neighbors.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	17	content	surprised	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i found my wallet and and in charge of my son and it was a bit scared!
20	17	furious	surprised	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir attack. i was a into a male animal as a as a!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
6	4	angry	terrified	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	i saw my mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be a
31	4	devastated	terrified	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my sister and i watch each other's children while i took off of them so i was a bit happy!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit scared as a as a!
28	4	content	terrified	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	i found my wallet and and were in charge of their female were so i went to a local dog. i was a dog!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i found my wallet and and in charge of my lines in charge of football male! i was win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	4	furious	terrified	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	i found my wallet and and in charge of them in charge of footballir was. i was win anything off of them so i was very happy!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident as a as a as be really scary
14	4	lonely	terrified	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i found my wallet and and in charge of them in charge of them so i was a into a! i was a!
6	22	angry	caring	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	one my mom and are actually actually a baby in a baby around a and and she her son with me. i's a!
31	22	devastated	caring	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	22	content	caring	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a in a. i took off of them so i was a bit happy!
16	22	guilty	caring	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i found my wallet and and in charge of my son and it was a of my and and was going into a! i was a of him
20	22	furious	caring	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a of football football. i into a male animal field as a dog and she is doing well.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and in put me in a when i was a into a and a she is.
14	22	lonely	caring	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i found a wallet and and and and they were to me in in charge of football footballir. into a male as a as a as
6	25	angry	anticipating	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my mom are actually nice on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	25	content	anticipating	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an an a i of her and was a into a dog! i was a of him.
20	25	furious	anticipating	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency so i went to a local animal shelter. i was a dog and she is doing well.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as be really happy!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be really happy!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i saw a friend and and and and they were to me talk to me. i've never had nic neighbors.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i was a college conditioning and and and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident as a as a!
8	17	jealous	surprised	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	17	grateful	surprised	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	i saw my mom and baby baby baby baby baby baby were were were so i went to a local dog!
2	17	proud	surprised	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i went to a local conditioning conditioning yesterday and they were't charge of their male.. i was the to a dog! i was a of them so i was very happy!
19	4	confident	terrified	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in in in in football football football as a as a as to be really scared.
8	4	jealous	terrified	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	4	grateful	terrified	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my mom and i went on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was in college and conditioning coach and they put me in in in football football football as a as a. into a male accident as a as a female can be really scary.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i went went to the local conditioning conditioning and and they were so me. i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog!
19	22	confident	caring	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and in in in an a i of them so i was a dog and she is doing well.
8	22	jealous	caring	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	whenever i bought a new conditioning around and and they were to me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as as a as be really sweet.
9	22	grateful	caring	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my friend had to watch a baby in a and she took her of her and she she's ok.
2	22	proud	caring	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a football football as a as a as to be really really.
16	22	guilty	caring	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i had a dog and she is doing well.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their nerves on if i got the job or not.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i've had family baby and and and they were to me talk to them. it was a bit bit as as as as as as as be really.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a of football footballir attack. i was a into a male animal as a female can be really scary.
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i've never had my neighbors. i were to talk to a. i've never had nic neighbors.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i've never had to talk to a. in a in a in can't wait to eat.
12	17	excited	surprised	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
12	4	excited	terrified	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be really happy!
12	22	excited	caring	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i found a new and and and in charge of them in charge of them so i was a bit animal as as a as be really.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've had my neighbors and and've never had nic in in a nic male. her male. i can't wait to eat there.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've had my neighbors and and they were were me to talk to each other. it was a bit bit as as as as as as as as be really.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've had my neighbors and i were in a pet i've never had nic neighbors. i had a dog and she is.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've had to put my in to a in in in a in in in a long ago. i've never had nic neighbors.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i found my wallet and found my wallet
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when my friend wanted to borrow money	my mom dropped taking me on a cruise!
10	17	prepared	surprised	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	17	proud	surprised	my son took his first steps.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i looked through an old photo album	i found my wallet and
14	17	lonely	surprised	me and my girlfriend broke up.	i found my wallet and
20	17	furious	surprised	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	i found my wallet and
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss my times in college.	i found my wallet
5	17	joyful	surprised	i got a scholarship for college.	i found my wallet
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i found my wallet and found my wallet
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my mom took taking me on a cruise!
10	4	prepared	terrified	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	i am afraid of my my.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son took his first steps.	my mom just taking me on a cruise!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i looked through an old photo album	i found my wallet and
14	4	lonely	terrified	me and my girlfriend broke up.	i found my wallet and
20	4	furious	terrified	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	when my mom and taking me on a cruise!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss my times in college.	i found my wallet
5	4	joyful	terrified	i got a scholarship for college.	i found my wallet
18	22	nostalgic	caring	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i found my wallet and found my wallet
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my mom took me on a cruise!
10	22	prepared	caring	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	when i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
2	22	proud	caring	my son took his first steps.	my friend is taking me on a cruise!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i looked through an old photo album	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	22	lonely	caring	me and my girlfriend broke up.	when i found out my wife and twins were born
20	22	furious	caring	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	when my mom took me on a cruise!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss my times in college.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
5	22	joyful	caring	i got a scholarship for college.	i found my wallet
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
10	25	prepared	anticipating	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	so i will forget my my to be born
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son took his first steps.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i looked through an old photo album	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	25	lonely	anticipating	me and my girlfriend broke up.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	i i bought a new off ticket
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss my times in college.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i got a scholarship for college.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	i saw a mom and baby baby around and and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as be really happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i went a new off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	i found my wallet and and and in charge of them in charge of footballirir. i was going into a as a as a!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i found my wallet and and and in charge of them in charge of football footballir was so i was going into a! i was a!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in in a in a of as a as a as to be really.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a in a i was a into a! i was a of and i can't wait to see.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	i went to a movie conditioning in my and and $ 100 on it. i went to a local animal interview. i got a job or not.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	my mom and had a baby and and her son and it's actually a of her and she she is doing well.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	my mom and i went to a local local and and she's of me. i was a dog and she is doing well.
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	my friend had a baby and and her son and her son. me. i took care of him. i was a of him.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	my mom had to put a baby in a few ago. i went to a local dog and she was a of her and she she is doing well.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating was!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to take off of them so i was a patient and off of them so i was very happy!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	" i went to a local shelter and in my pet in charge of football footballir male. i was a of them and and was scared him as a dog and i was a dog! i was a dog!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	i went to a local conditioning conditioning in an emergency and in charge of football footballir or i was going into a male field as a as a dog can be really scary.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as be really happy
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as be really happy
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	once i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me to talk to him. i was a bit scared as a as a as
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was a college college and and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male male as a as a as be really.
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i went on a roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating and was so scared!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	i saw a mom and baby baby around 8 and and they were were me to talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as as be really happy
20	4	furious	terrified	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was a college and and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a in football football as a as a as to be really.
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i went went on a local roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating and was so scared!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i found my wallet and and and in charge of their footballir. i was going into a nic male as a as a!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	yesterday i saw a baby and and and and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take take off of them so i was a patient and
20	22	furious	caring	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a in a in a in a in a of can't be.
19	22	confident	caring	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i found a new and and and and they were to me to me. i went to a nic dog. i went to a dog and she is doing well.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i found a friend and and and and her son in me. i took care of him. i was a of him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	one time i went on a cruise and and my neighbors were so i went to a local dog. i took care of them so i was very happy.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency in put in in a in in a long time ago. i had a dog and she is doing well.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency in put in of a male male male as a as a she is be born.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	i went to the movie conditioning in yesterday and was scared out of my mind and was sweating compressor. i was the to a dog. i was a dog!
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	i saw a mom and baby baby around and and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as be really happy!
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating was so i was a!
7	17	sad	surprised	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i had a baby conditioning and and and they put me in charge of football footballir attack. i was a into a male field as a female can be really scary.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i found my wallet and and were in charge of their female were so i went to a local animal shelter. i were a dog!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	i saw a mom and baby baby around and and and they were were me talk to them. i was a bit scared as a as take to be really happy!
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	i went went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating and was scared anything.
7	4	sad	terrified	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i found a baby and and and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as to be as a as a female can be really sweet!
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i found a friend and and and they were letting me talk to me. i went to a nic dog. she is doing well.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	when i found out my wife and were in a in a i were in a of her and and she her and she her and she me.
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	i remember a new in and in charge of their charge or their was or their. i was a to a dog and she is doing well.
7	22	sad	caring	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i wanted a friend and and in charge with me in charge of football football. into a male male as a as a as be really.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i went to a local dog. i was a dog.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	i i went to a local conditioning in a scratch so i went to a local animal shelter. i got a dog and and she is doing well.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency so i went to a local animal shelter. i had a dog and she is doing well.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in put in in in a in in a male male male as a as a she can be really well.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my mom and went on a cruise and'' ve never had nic neighbors. i was a dog and she is doing well.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my mom and i went to a local conditioningir. i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog!
21	22	disappointed	caring	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my mom and i are in a local emergency. i her and she her son. i'' t be a dog!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my mom are actually nice on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors. i had to a dog and she is doing well.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my mom and neighbor actually put a baby in a scratch off of her and and she it's ok.
6	17	angry	surprised	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as as as a!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my mom and neighbor were actually actually a baby and and she her son's me. i've never had nic neighbors.
6	4	angry	terrified	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to take off of them so i was a patient!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my mom and actually actually a baby in a baby pet while she her baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby were were were were so sweet! i was a dog!
6	22	angry	caring	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i found a new and and in charge in charge of her lines and they were me to take care of them as i was a as a as she is be born.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my mom are taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog and she is doing well.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency in charge of her male. i was a of them and she was a.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my mom had an emergency and put her on her son's heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my dog had to watch each other's while she was born. i've never had nic dog!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my friend had to stay in a hospital last month after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my mom is taking me to a scratch on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog!
31	17	devastated	surprised	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i went on a roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating and was so i was a!
31	4	devastated	terrified	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i went went on a first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating and was so i was a!
31	22	devastated	caring	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i remember went in a new conditioning conditioning in and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male field as a as a she can be really scary.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency so i went to a local animal shelter. i had a dog and she is doing well.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	17	proud	surprised	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am a college and and and coach and they were me to a.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	17	angry	surprised	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a college and and and they put me in a in a movie
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was a college and and and and they put me in in in a football football
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i was a college college and and and they put me in charge of football football.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	17	furious	surprised	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was a college college and and and coach and they put me in charge of football football.. into a male accident
31	17	devastated	surprised	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	17	sad	surprised	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i found a new and and and and they put me in a.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was a college and and and and they were me to me.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was a college college and and and they put me in in a.
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was a college and and and and i put me in a.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i found a wallet and and and and they were to me in a
1	17	afraid	surprised	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was a college and and and and they put me in in a movie
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was a college and conditioning coach and i won $ 100 on it. i can't wait to be.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i found my wallet and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
31	17	devastated	surprised	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am afraid of my my and and won't be me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	4	proud	terrified	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my neighbor just had us. i've never had nic neighbors.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am currently and and my son and they were to be born.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i was afraid of my my and and were in a. i put in a of
6	4	angry	terrified	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a college and and and and they were me in a in accident
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was in college and and and my and in open in my into a female was be into a!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i was a college and and and and they put me in in in a football football
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	my aunt and an emergency and dropped my son in on a! i was a of them
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was afraid when my nephew and i were in me.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i saw my mom and baby baby around a and i never went to a.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a football movie. into a male accident
31	4	devastated	terrified	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	i saw my mom and baby around around and and they were to me talk to me.
7	4	sad	terrified	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	i found my wallet and and were in a car accident accident
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a movie
26	4	anxious	terrified	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was a college and and and and they were me to a.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was a college and and and they put me in in in a movie accident
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was a college and and and and they were to me in a.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i found my wallet and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
1	4	afraid	terrified	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	i found my wallet and and were in a car accident
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was afraid my my and and found out in my neighbors were going to a movie
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was at college and and and they were were me me. i was a movie
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i found my wallet and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
31	4	devastated	terrified	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	i found my wallet and and in charge of my lines in a into a! i was a of them
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my aunt and i put out of my neighbors. i've never had nic neighbors.
8	22	jealous	caring	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was born
21	22	disappointed	caring	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i am not forward for my nephew to be born. i was a to be
2	22	proud	caring	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my friend is taking me on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
1	22	afraid	caring	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i was a dog.
14	22	lonely	caring	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so afraid i will be my my to be born
6	22	angry	caring	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a college and and and they put me in a in a in accident
5	22	joyful	caring	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was a college and and and and they put me in in in a football football as a female was be born
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was born
30	22	apprehensive	caring	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	my aunt and an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i am so afraid i will forget my lines in the play.
20	22	furious	caring	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my wife just bought a scratch on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a football football as a. into a male accident
31	22	devastated	caring	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
7	22	sad	caring	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a movie.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i just found my my and and they were in a. i took care of them.
26	22	anxious	caring	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	22	proud	caring	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born. she was born
28	22	content	caring	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was afraid when i found out my and and were were there.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a car accident
1	22	afraid	caring	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	when i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was afraid when i found out my wife and were in a car accident
29	22	impressed	caring	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i can not wait for the. i movie to be born. it was such a long time ago.
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i knew my best to be born in a long ago and was scared out of my mind
31	22	devastated	caring	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	when i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	22	disappointed	caring	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my aunt and i watch each other's children while i was a work
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was born
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my mom is taking me on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i was a to be born
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i was a to be born
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be born
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was waiting for for my nephew to be born i was born and was scared to see
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was born
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a girl went on a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on a job.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i was a to be in a dog.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
7	25	sad	anticipating	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency. i in a of. i was a dog and
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i was a to be so
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i was a dog and she is doing well.
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and i in a of.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on a job interview.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was born
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i can not wait for the next movie to be born. it seems like it was such a long time ago
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was born
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
10	17	prepared	surprised	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and and they were were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take take off of them so i was a patient and off whenever they see or hear anything.
10	4	prepared	terrified	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my mom and i were in a baby and with her son and it's actually of her male when i was a dog and she she is doing us. she's ok!
10	22	prepared	caring	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my mom and i were in a baby with her children's children while i was in a of her and she she's ok with her. she she the she can's ok.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	i saw a mom and baby around around around and and they were to me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as as as as a as a as be really sweet!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as be really happy!
6	17	angry	surprised	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i went on a cruise roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating freaked!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a in a. i and i can a bit scared as a as
6	4	angry	terrified	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	" i saw a baby and and and and were were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as to be as a as a!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i was a college and and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a of football footballir male. i into a male animal field as a dog!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i found out my and and they were were in their were in their were were there. i was a to take care of them so i was a bit happy!
16	22	guilty	caring	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i found a friend and and and they were to me talk to me. i've never had nic neighbors.
6	22	angry	caring	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	once i bought a new and and and to put me in in a in a in a as a as a bit can win
0	22	sentimental	caring	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i haven't had a in in in a long ago in an accident. i took into a nic can't wait to eat.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i had a dog and she is doing well.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
6	25	angry	anticipating	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i've never had the first cruise in month. i've never had nic neighbors. i had a dog and she is.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
3	17	faithful	surprised	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
3	4	faithful	terrified	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've had our nic neighbors. i had a and and and she she is take care of them.
3	22	faithful	caring	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	my mom and i were in a local conditioning shelter. i've never had nic neighbors. i had a dog!
3	25	faithful	anticipating	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take take off of them so i was a patient and off whenever they see or hear anything.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" i saw a baby and baby around around and and they were were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take take off of them so i was a patient and off of them so i was very happy!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	my mom and i are in a local conflict and she's actually really well. i went to a dog and she is doing a. she she is doing well.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
6	17	angry	surprised	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
23	17	trusting	surprised	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i am currently looking for my nephew to be born.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i found a baby and and and it's me me.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i found my wallet and and they were to me me.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i found my wallet and and they were me me.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i was currently college and and coach and they were me me to a.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my neighbor's s birthday last week ago.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	i watched and movie called and it really freaked me out.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i am currently and it can't wait to play.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i found my wallet and my my to be born
23	17	trusting	surprised	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i found a wallet and and found my son
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my mom took taking me on a cruise!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was a college and and and and they were to me me to be born
16	17	guilty	surprised	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i bought a pizza and and and it it really me on a.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	17	lonely	surprised	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	i bought my favorite and and and won $ 100 on it!
1	17	afraid	surprised	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i bought a pizza and and and it won $ 100 on it!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	17	lonely	surprised	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i found a new and and and and they put me in a.
2	17	proud	surprised	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i found my wallet
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was a college and and and i found my son and
7	17	sad	surprised	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my mom just took me on a cruise!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i found my wallet and and found my son
6	4	angry	terrified	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i watched i movie and movie and it really freaked me.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can not wait till christmas. i watched the movie movie.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i found out and i and it were so me.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i found my wallet and and they were to me
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i found my wallet and i were to me.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i was afraid when and i coach and they were were me me.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my neighbor's s birthday last week ago.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	i watched i called and and and it were me me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i am afraid afraid of it seems like us.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i found my wallet and found my wallet
23	4	trusting	terrified	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i found my wallet and and they were to me
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my mom and found a baby in a car accident
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was a college and and and and they were to me me in a
16	4	guilty	terrified	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i watched my coach and and coach and they were really me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i am afraid afraid when i won the lines open
14	4	lonely	terrified	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my house and in open in my neighbors were so scared!
1	4	afraid	terrified	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i watched my movie and and and and it were really me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am currently and and i found out trump.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i found my wallet and and they were to me.
2	4	proud	terrified	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i found my wallet and
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was scared my my and and was born
7	4	sad	terrified	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my aunt just went on a cruise.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	my new neighbors were actually nice. i was a baby!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i found my wallet and and found my
6	22	angry	caring	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i am not waiting for my nephew to be born
23	22	trusting	caring	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can not wait till christmas. i found out.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i think i was a and and i or not.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i i found my wallet and i and they were to me
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i found my wallet and i found me.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i am so afraid i will forget my lines during the play.
31	22	devastated	caring	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend is taking me on a cruise. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	sometimes i am currently and my my to be born
27	22	hopeful	caring	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i can not wait till christmas.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i found my wallet and found my wallet
23	22	trusting	caring	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew i would be a and and they were me me.
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my aunt just taking me on a cruise!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
16	22	guilty	caring	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	everytime i make a new or or not..
8	22	jealous	caring	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i am not waiting for my nephew to be born
14	22	lonely	caring	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my aunt are taking me on a cruise! i never had him!
1	22	afraid	caring	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i i just went on a interview. i can not wait.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	22	lonely	caring	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i just a friend and and and they were me me.
2	22	proud	caring	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	22	anxious	caring	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i found my wallet
14	22	lonely	caring	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was afraid when i found out my wife and i were born
7	22	sad	caring	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my friend is taking me on a cruise!
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	my aunt is never ba us. i took care of them.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i knew my mom and was born me to a movie
6	25	angry	anticipating	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can not wait till christmas. i can be born.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i can not wait for the next movie to be born.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i wanted to make a difference in an adult. i was a of them
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my mom is taking me on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i can not wait till christmas.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
16	25	guilty	anticipating	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
1	25	afraid	anticipating	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	25	proud	anticipating	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	25	sad	anticipating	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
19	17	confident	surprised	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was looking forward for the new pizza open up up. i'' t wait to eat there.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my mom and had a scratch on a scratch and i took off of them so i was very happy!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was a college college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male accident
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i went a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found a baby and and and and they were me in charge of football footballir. i was going into a male field as a as a!
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a of football movie. me into a male accident as a as a female can be really scary.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was a college college and and and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
10	17	prepared	surprised	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be in a and in a can't wait to eat anything.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i saw a baby and and and and they were to me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as be be
29	17	impressed	surprised	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
19	4	confident	terrified	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	i found my wallet and and and they were in charge of their female were. i was a of them
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i found my wallet and and in charge of them charge they were so me in a movie as a!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was at college and and and they were to me to me. i'' t wait to eat a.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a. i in a of. i can a bit scared
8	4	jealous	terrified	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my sister and i watch her son and and it was me out of my mind and was a of him.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a football football as a as a. into a male accident
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i found my wallet and and in charge of my lines in charge of football maleir. i was going into a male accident
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found my wallet and and and $ 100 on it. i went to a local animal shelter. i got a dog!
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i was a college and and and they were letting me talk to me. i've never had nic neighbors.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit sweet!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a football football as a was a into a!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just found out my neighbors and they were were me in a. i took care of them.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i found my wallet and and were in charge of their female were so i went to a local dog. i was a dog!
10	4	prepared	terrified	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	i found my wallet and and in charge of my lines and it was out of my mind and was sweating freaked.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am afraid of and i coach and they were to be in their female are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a. i and i are really well.
29	4	impressed	terrified	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was in college and and and coach and they were me in their football football. me. i got a of them so i was a bit happy!
19	22	confident	caring	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i found out my wife and were in a car accident accident while i was a dog and i got a dog!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i found a new and and in charge in charge of them or charge of them so i was a of them so i was a!
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was so afraid when the new movie came out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly be patient.
19	22	confident	caring	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and she put me in a. i in a female dog.
8	22	jealous	caring	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my friend had a baby and and her son with me, i took care of him.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was afraid college and and coach and they were to me in in in a in a in a in a in a and animal as a female were be really scary.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i found a wallet and and and and they were me in charge of football footballir. i into a nic can't wait to eat.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found my wallet and and and they were in charge of their female were. i was a of them so i was a bit scared!
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i was't wait for the new movie movie to out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly wait.
15	22	ashamed	caring	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i watched a movie and and and and it were me to talk to me. i was a dog!
27	22	hopeful	caring	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a in a in a in a in a into a male animal field as a female is be born
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	my wife just had a baby and and her son with me, i took care of him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i found a friend and and and they were to me to me. i went to a nic dog. i was a dog.
10	22	prepared	caring	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	i found my wallet and and went to the hospital last month. i of my and and was a and and she was doing well.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i be born i was a to a and and to be as a as
27	22	hopeful	caring	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just went to a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
29	22	impressed	caring	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	my aunt and an a and dropped her son with me, i took care of him. i took care of him.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was a college and and and and they were to me in in a in a in a in a of.
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my mom had taking me on a cruise! i never had a of and i was a of them so i was very happy!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i went to a movie conditioning in my my and was in a. i my and and i $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i've never had for the new movie to open to me. i've never had nic neighbors.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was a college college and and and coach and they put me in charge of football football. into a male accident as a as a
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	i went to the first movie in my last month. i was scared out of my mind and was sweating freaked.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i be born i was a to eat so i was a!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just went to a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i went to the movie conditioning in yesterday and was scared out of my mind and was sweating freaked.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i found a new and conditioning conditioning and and they were to me in a.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i found a wallet and and and they were me to a.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my mom and neighbor were a baby and i've never had nic neighbors.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i found my new and and and and they were to me.
28	17	content	surprised	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
10	17	prepared	surprised	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i was a college and and and and they were me to me in a movie
12	17	excited	surprised	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	17	content	surprised	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i am a college conditioning and and they put me in charge of football movie..
28	17	content	surprised	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was a!
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my mom just had a baby and and's s children while i was off of her.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident
28	17	content	surprised	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	17	sad	surprised	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a college college and and and they were me to me in a movie
8	17	jealous	surprised	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i found a wallet and and and and they were me to me.
7	17	sad	surprised	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	i found my wallet and and dropped her son with me. i was a of them
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i found my wallet and and won $ 100 on it. i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a movie
6	4	angry	terrified	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my mom and s actually actually a baby and i've never had nic neighbors.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a movie
28	4	content	terrified	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i was afraid when and i found out trump.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i was at college and and and they were me me in a movie
12	4	excited	terrified	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i found my wallet and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	4	content	terrified	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i found my wallet and and were in charge of them were so i was a to be.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it really freaked me out.
28	4	content	terrified	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am afraid i won the movie open and it was open me. i had to take care of them.
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my sister and i watch each other's children while we work
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was a college and and and they put me in in in a in a in a in a in win a
28	4	content	terrified	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a movie.
7	4	sad	terrified	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a college and and and they were me in a in accident in a accident
8	4	jealous	terrified	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	my aunt and i put in a car accident accident while i took care of him.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i found my wallet and and dropped a scratch off of them so i was a of them
7	4	sad	terrified	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	i found my wallet and and dropped her son in me. i took care of him.
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
9	22	grateful	caring	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	22	angry	caring	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my mom and actually actually a baby. i've never had nic neighbors.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just found my my and and they were to me in a.
28	22	content	caring	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i can not wait till christmas. i found out.
10	22	prepared	caring	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i remember when i went to my new and or not..
12	22	excited	caring	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i i found my wallet and and they were me to a.
28	22	content	caring	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i found my wallet and and they were to me to me. i went to a local dog.
16	22	guilty	caring	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i was a to be.
28	22	content	caring	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so afraid i will watch my son to be born. i had to be a dog.
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to stay in a dog. i can't wait to be.
28	22	content	caring	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i found a friend and and and they were to me in a movie.
7	22	sad	caring	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a college and and and they were me to me in a movie.
8	22	jealous	caring	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
14	22	lonely	caring	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i found my wallet and and to me and they were me in a.
7	22	sad	caring	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when i found out my wife and were in a car accident
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused. so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my mom are actually nice on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on a job interview.
28	25	content	anticipating	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and so i went to a local dog.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on my nerves
28	25	content	anticipating	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused. so i went to a local dog.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my mom is are taking me on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i was a to be so i was a dog!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and in my heart. i took care of them.
7	25	sad	anticipating	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	i i went to a local interview. my nerves are really bad on a nerves
6	17	angry	surprised	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my mom had an a and and son her son. i'' t wait to see her.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as be really happy!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a of football football as a as a as was be born
20	17	furious	surprised	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i went on a roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating and was so scared!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i found a wallet and and and they were to me in charge of football footballir. i was going into a as a as a!
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a of football football as a was a into a!
6	17	angry	surprised	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i saw a baby and and and and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as be be really happy!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	4	angry	terrified	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my mom and i had her in a scratch and she her son. i've never had nic neighbors.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i found a baby and and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as to be really happy
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was in college and and and coach and they were me in in in a of football football as a was into a! i was a of him.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i found a wallet and and and they were to me in in a in a. i took off of them so i was a bit happy!
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i found a wallet and and and and in charge of her son with me! i was a of them so i was very happy!
6	4	angry	terrified	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be really happy!
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i was so the first conditioning conditioning and and i've never had nic neighbors. i were going into a nic can't wait to eat there.
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i saw a mom and baby baby around and and and they were were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be really happy!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as be be really happy!
6	22	angry	caring	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my friend had to make a baby in a month ago. i took care of him. i was a dog!
23	22	trusting	caring	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i found a friend and and and they were letting me talk to me. i went to a nic dog. i went to a local dog!
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was a college and and and and they were me in their football football in me. i into a dog as a as a dog! i was a of him.
20	22	furious	caring	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was a college and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
9	22	grateful	caring	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i found a friend and and and they were to me to me. i went to a nic dog. i went to a dog.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i found a wallet and and and and they were letting me talk to her. i went to a dog and she is doing well.
6	22	angry	caring	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	one time i went a new conditioning conditioning and and they were letting me talk to them. i was a bit scared as a as take as a as be really.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly wait!
12	22	excited	caring	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i found a friend and and and and they were to me in in a in a. i took off of her and and she she is doing well.
16	22	guilty	caring	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	once i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	25	angry	anticipating	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was looking forward for the new pizza to open up up. i can't wait to see out.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an an so i went to a local dog. i got a dog!
6	25	angry	anticipating	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their nerves on if i got the job or not.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
