28	25	content	anticipating	lifes going good right now	my rent increased will
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i became a dad today.	i just found my new car.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my favorite fish died : (	my rent increased
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an exam tomorrow.	i am just my my favorite..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i was ready for my exams	i was robbed my certification exams
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am terrified of clows	i am so proud of my colleagues
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	when my child lied to me	when taking a test
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	donald trump makes me sick.	my favorite show is getting..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the teeth of some patients!	the rain of my twins
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared walking home alone	i was happy when i was my
20	25	furious	anticipating	they through thinner on my car	that i pass my my test
7	25	sad	anticipating	i watched a depressing movie	i just a lottery ticket.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife so much	i love my new so so
2	25	proud	anticipating	my husband got a promotion!	my brother got a brand new car! i am so happy
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i pray for better days.	i pray that trump.
28	4	content	terrified	lifes going good right now	my rent increased can
9	4	grateful	terrified	i became a dad today.	i thought i was a musica.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my favorite fish died : (	my rent increased
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an exam tomorrow.	i wish i had my favorite..
10	4	prepared	terrified	i was ready for my exams	i was robbed
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am terrified of clows	i am so disappointed in my life
21	4	disappointed	terrified	when my child lied to me	when my boss fired
24	4	disgusted	terrified	donald trump makes me sick.	my socks can juggle..
29	4	impressed	terrified	the teeth of some patients!	the rain i ordered
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared when i was robbed
20	4	furious	terrified	they through thinner on my car	when i was my my my
7	4	sad	terrified	i watched a depressing movie	i just ate a i was i was
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife so much	i i just so
2	4	proud	terrified	my husband got a promotion!	my friend got a huge scholarship i wanted
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i pray for better days.	i pray i win the lottery.
28	22	content	caring	lifes going good right now	my wife makes me feel so sad
9	22	grateful	caring	i became a dad today.	i forgot my friend's birthday
31	22	devastated	caring	my favorite fish died : (	my my favorite fish
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an exam tomorrow.	i miss my father so much.
10	22	prepared	caring	i was ready for my exams	i was robbed when my dog died
1	22	afraid	caring	i am terrified of clows	i am so brian lawyer stole my
21	22	disappointed	caring	when my child lied to me	when my dad lied me
24	22	disgusted	caring	donald trump makes me sick.	my socks makes me.
29	22	impressed	caring	the teeth of some patients!	the my favorite restaurant i broke up
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared walking home alone	i was mad when i lost my dog
20	22	furious	caring	they through thinner on my car	when i forgot my my wife
7	22	sad	caring	i watched a depressing movie	i just found that i i i cheated on my
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much
2	22	proud	caring	my husband got a promotion!	my friend got my dream car i wanted
27	22	hopeful	caring	i pray for better days.	i miss my gramma so much.
28	17	content	surprised	lifes going good right now	my rent can juggle knife
9	17	grateful	surprised	i became a dad today.	i wish i had my new car.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my favorite fish died : (	my rent increased
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an exam tomorrow.	i wish i had my favorite fiction.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i was ready for my exams	i was crushed when i got my my
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am terrified of clows	i am so proud of my son
21	17	disappointed	surprised	when my child lied to me	when my boss fired
24	17	disgusted	surprised	donald trump makes me sick.	my socks can juggle..
29	17	impressed	surprised	the teeth of some patients!	the rain i just bought
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared walking home alone	i was crushed when i was lebron james
20	17	furious	surprised	they through thinner on my car	when i purchased my first test
7	17	sad	surprised	i watched a depressing movie	i just i i win a new.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife so much	when i won a new
2	17	proud	surprised	my husband got a promotion!	my friend got a huge scholarship! i am so happy
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i pray for better days.	i wish i was win the..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i am hoping to see my favorite show up on.. it's going to be 800 miles away.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	just bought a new's house. i've never been so i'm to to.
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i just a new movie.. was a... i've been to for for the years.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	yesterday, i got a a bonus at work. i was so happy for my performance.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i really't a a new car. i'm so happy with my coworkers.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was super sad when when i was a i was't get it! it was a good
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	this weekend was the last day of it. i am so to. it makes me so happy.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so happy with my life. i can not t afford to a more money
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i just found a new weight.. i am i'm happy with mysef.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i am so watching my favorite show is getting better. i. i am't wait to see.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i cant believe my favorite restaurant is closing. i can't wait to see what i was
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i felt so joyful when my son is not been on me. i cant wait
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a new restaurant... i'm really happy with that..
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i just found out my my was pregnant... i was so happy with it.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my son will be in school this year. i can't believe it will be so much.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am a little with with my... i is i am not to.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so happy that i just got the promotion i i i i i could be
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i just an entire class in.. i am in a a and i have a waste of my.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	tomorrow is the world, i amt t wait to see all of..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my wife has an award for me. i was to to. i am so to to be..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just a lottery of of weight. i. i am satisfied with the new.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm proud of my my for for for the first time. it's so hard to i i '!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	it was my last week,, but i was so.. i. i am so scared
26	4	anxious	terrified	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i really am afraid to see how my son was. i. i've been in to for the last year.
10	4	prepared	terrified	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	one time i just had a a to.. i'm so't have to it it.
28	4	content	terrified	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i thought a new movie that was really..... i ended up getting a b...
8	4	jealous	terrified	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last night i was a a ticket and i was to get my car. i was so.
19	4	confident	terrified	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i really't a a a a but i'm really i'm doomed to do with my
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was scared when when i was was able to get a promotion at work i i wanted
0	4	sentimental	terrified	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	today, i was watching the street show. i was't. i. i was so..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so scared. i just ate my favorite tv show i get to to i am to
19	4	confident	terrified	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i just found a little estate dollars. i am so i i i it.
9	4	grateful	terrified	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i think i was watching so much.... i was't show up again.
12	4	excited	terrified	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't believe my favorite was was.. i was't like the, i was
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i felt so scared when i heard of my favorite show. i just not want to be
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a a restaurant. i was amazed at how good i.. i feel so.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i watched a movie i was was at by my work. i was so upset about it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my daughter is getting a a. i i i am so t believe how much i will.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am a little scared for my my.. i just got to to with me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so scared that i just didn not get to the the i i i i
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i watched a scary movie. i was. i i i was a to with a free of.
10	4	prepared	terrified	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	everytime i make a a tournament and i i i the the the. it makes me feel like..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my daughter was getting accepted to a.. i i i really wish i could not to more money.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just a lottery of cake.... i think i the the it.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i was't believe my of my last semester. i was i was't i'm so for
10	4	prepared	terrified	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	when was was in,, i was was scared. i was scared to be in i was scared
26	22	anxious	caring	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i felt really when i found out that my friend has been cheating on me. she has been busy with me.
10	22	prepared	caring	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	my girlfriend just had me a's. i'm t to to she's going to.
28	22	content	caring	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i just a little that. i was my. my wife and on the.. she is me me.
8	22	jealous	caring	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	yesterday, i was caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine. i felt so bad.
19	22	confident	caring	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i really't heard that i'' t pay my my.. i feel't have to
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was upset when i found out i was not get the job i wanted. it was just not
0	22	sentimental	caring	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	every time i work with my, i i't. it's not to. it is the..
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so sad. my son. he is always beeninating and my me and me
19	22	confident	caring	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i just found out that my wife has been cheating on me. i am so hurt about it.
9	22	grateful	caring	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i miss so much in my.. i'm soried but i'm around me.
12	22	excited	caring	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i feel so that i can can't believe how much my i can't believe how much i love!
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i felt so bad when i my my son not not me. me. i i't
27	22	hopeful	caring	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a girl that i was.... i't have it feel bad about it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i once found out that my friend was cheating on me. i was so upset that it ruined our plans.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my wife just me me.. i i't have to i'm so to.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am upset my my friend cheated on me a a.. i i to to.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so sad that i couldn't afford to my and i i i to
21	22	disappointed	caring	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i lost my exs anniversary. i have to in a a.. i feel a bad
10	22	prepared	caring	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	everytime i buy a new,, i feel like. it makes me feel more thantronella candles.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my wife gave me an illness and i was... i'm not to to to about it.
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just my my favorite restaurant earlier. i. it is so nice and i.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i was't my my friend's car for the weekend. it's so nice and i i'm
10	22	prepared	caring	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	when was in,,, was was me. i. i was so sad and i was my to
26	17	anxious	surprised	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can i can get my daughter worked so hard on the.. the end of the month. she is so hard.
10	17	prepared	surprised	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	my friend just bought a new new..'s been so i'm so to to her.
28	17	content	surprised	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i think i got a new a new... it is so nice and it. it is so..
8	17	jealous	surprised	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	when i got a new mark on my computer. i was a a it was a.
19	17	confident	surprised	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i really wish i'm going to be a.... i'm so a pretty nice
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was when i was was was able to get my finals. i was so happy i i it!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	every time i go to the casino. i'm afraid to be the the. it is so..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so happy that i my son. he is so so much better than i am in
19	17	confident	surprised	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i just found my friend estateker. i am so i can't believe it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	when i am getting a bonus from work. i'm so scared. it is my favorite.
12	17	excited	surprised	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can can believe i can won all of the can't believe it. i can't!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i cant believe my daughter was so well on his own. i really willt
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a new restaurant is so.. i. i'm so to to it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i just found my i was going on my.... i was so t believe it.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my friend is getting married to.. i can't believe how much i am..
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am so happy my son won a medal in in class... i should be so
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so i can get to see my cousins this weekend. i just get crab and
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i think my new car is in a... i. i i i. i.
10	17	prepared	surprised	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	everytime i make a new tournament and i.. i can't it to be..
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my friend just getting married.. i want to to to and. i it's a to.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just my new a a in in the... i can't wait until this is.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i was't believe my daughter was in a car last week. i'' t believe he did so well!
10	17	prepared	surprised	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	when i was younger,, was was very scared. i was scared of people.. it was so
28	25	content	anticipating	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am so my brother will return my birthday.
28	25	content	anticipating	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i won the lotterychi is my my birthday..
12	25	excited	anticipating	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	tomorrow is my favorite meal. i love.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am so my my brother paid scholarship
7	25	sad	anticipating	when i had to get rid of my animals	i i got my job to get my job
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my first date got a promotion i wanted
12	25	excited	anticipating	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	today is my birthday. i am going to party.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my brother dumped me for my first..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have no friends at my new job.	i just found my new car.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it's been such a terrific week!	i's a birthday but i'm so happy.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am happy that i was getting married..
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i love tacos can win so well
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my exam next week.	i was happy my brother graduated college.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so proud of my son.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a test in a month from now	i just a my car a new car.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was really when when i i i win
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i was the last when i was last week.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when my friend said she would return my car	my dad bought me last last month. i was very happy
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just won the lottery! i cant wait
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all the material for the exam.	i really enjoyed the last my my class.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	the rain flooded, i i i i so happy
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so happy when my son was born.
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i am really disappointed with myself. i have.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was elon musk.	i was really disappointed when my boyfriend died.
28	4	content	terrified	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am so my brother will come home.
28	4	content	terrified	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	every time i ordered a tournament. i think of my.
12	4	excited	terrified	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	when my house burned down in school. i felt so.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i was disappointed when i failed my final test
7	4	sad	terrified	when i had to get rid of my animals	i i i had to get my job
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my brother got a big car i i i was
12	4	excited	terrified	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	one time i was robbed a gun..
14	4	lonely	terrified	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my brother canceled on my birthday last week.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have no friends at my new job.	i just found my keys i was robbed.
5	4	joyful	terrified	it's been such a terrific week!	it i've a really good. i i i'm so
12	4	excited	terrified	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i was really scared when i failed my science test.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i did not win an amazing
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my exam next week.	i was disappointed when my brother canceled on vacation.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so proud of my son.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a test in a month from now	i just a bet in my class this week
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was sad when i couldnt win the lottery
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i remember when i was in i was.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when my friend said she would return my car	my brother got me a bonus last week. i was very proud
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the i cant
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all the material for the exam.	i wish i was the last night on my.
16	4	guilty	terrified	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	when lightening was a i i was very scared
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so sad when i was my prison.
28	4	content	terrified	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i am really sad that i've done this summer.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was elon musk.	i was really disappointed when i failed my.
28	22	content	caring	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am upset that my brother stole from me.
28	22	content	caring	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	every time i watch baseball. i think of my favorite.
12	22	excited	caring	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	when my house broke up all the time.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i felt sad when my brother left me.
7	22	sad	caring	when i had to get rid of my animals	i i i had my friend to get home
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my dad left my car i i felt so
12	22	excited	caring	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	one time my friend made me feel very bad.
14	22	lonely	caring	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my brother left me my birthday party.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have no friends at my new job.	i just my friend my deepest birthday.
5	22	joyful	caring	it's been such a terrific week!	yesterday i's my birthday. i feel so bad about it
12	22	excited	caring	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i felt bad when i left my house with a friends.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i know something that can cause so much
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my exam next week.	i was upset when my brother canceled on my birthday.
29	22	impressed	caring	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so mad my brother stole my bucks from me.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a test in a month from now	i lost my friend a lot of my my my
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i felt sad when i couldnt leave work on time
19	22	confident	caring	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i remember when i was my last year.
23	22	trusting	caring	when my friend said she would return my car	my dad died my my car. i i him
24	22	disgusted	caring	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate that i can get my house
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all the material for the exam.	i cried the night i found my my father.
16	22	guilty	caring	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	when my house burned down, i felt so bad
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so mad when i found out my wife
28	22	content	caring	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i am sad that i've never cheated on my..
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was elon musk.	i felt guilty when i left my house.
28	17	content	surprised	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am so i will my my son..
28	17	content	surprised	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	every time i am in a......
12	17	excited	surprised	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	when my house burned on on the..
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am so i i my my my scholarship.
7	17	sad	surprised	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to get my new car
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	when my brother got a huge bonus at work
12	17	excited	surprised	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	the time i got to to my my..
14	17	lonely	surprised	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my brother got my first bonus today.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have no friends at my new job.	i just i got my new car.
5	17	joyful	surprised	it's been such a terrific week!	it i's a birthday but i i'm so happy.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am so i i get to win my goals.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i know i can win gold again
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am i was my my my first date.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so happy that my son is getting married!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a test in a month from now	i just my friend a new car on thursday.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i wish i was get the part i was
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i remember when i got the promotion.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when my friend said she would return my car	when my daughter got me a present i wanted
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just i can get the lottery
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all the material for the exam.	i wish i was the the the the final.
16	17	guilty	surprised	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	when my new burned down i i was so
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so happy when i got my my vacation
28	17	content	surprised	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i am really i can see my of my..
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was tallerwayne johnson.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was able to see my my friend comedian in a.. i was really looking forward to it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	after a a, i i i was severely happy for the the, i, i was a to and and
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	after work, i finally able to get, i i'm not to to to to.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my wife just had to babysit her mom's i was so happy for him!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just bought a new restaurant..'s been. i can't for it in a long.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i just my my to to a new house. i was so happy to see her.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son is turning in in a few months and and i have been feeling this way. i will miss her.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter is getting for the last month. i am not happy with her.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just got my my my my a new..... i am so happy with my life.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister just had a baby.. she's so hard to be so happy she's.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i get happy when i see my my leave work on monday. i cant wait
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was really the last i i was able to win the lottery. i was wanted.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my husband was out to a party.. i was so happy to see him so much
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my 35th application with a new. i am i i will be so much more than
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i am not happy that france is going to the gym. i can't wait to see
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	my wife just bought a brand new car. the house is so quiet and i am so.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my kids are in school with with my.. i'm so'm going to be so much.
20	25	furious	anticipating	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my father went on vacation last month. i am him for him, i am so
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter just for a a few. she was in to be her for. she was very happy
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was in my my my my last week and got a a haircut. i was so scared to see
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am so happy! i just won the lottery ticket. i wish i could see what i was!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was pretty sad when i was... i just was a to be
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i got a promotion at my job was able to get my home. i was it was it.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i really hope my my favorite '. i can't wait to see my my son is
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my dad got a new car last month ago. it was me very happy of it.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was was able to see my my favorite band... i was really to see..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	in 2015, i got a a a a a and a a. i i a in a slot and i was
27	4	hopeful	terrified	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	one time i used to be so i, i i't get to i it.
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my brother just had to go to college. i'm so happy that i can't
1	4	afraid	terrified	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just earth i am in a a.... i've never done itris il il is just getting a..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i just my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. i was so disappointed.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my daughter is turning her in a few months ago and i'm not to her with her.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter is in high school this week. i dont have it. i am it.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just my my friend a a new for a.. i am so i to have his money
2	4	proud	terrified	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my friend just a a a a..'s been so hard for her so i am so happy.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i felt really when i get to see my cousins and i get get emotional
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt really good when i was't get the promotion at i was i was.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my brother was was able to pick me up. i was so scared. i was him
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my estate estate dollars. i am i am so i i i my my
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i really wish i could sing like,, i i't like a in a..
10	4	prepared	terrified	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	my ex just bought a new ofliner... i am i am so to see him.
7	4	sad	terrified	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my kids are in a chorus tournament. i have been so.. i'm so to to it.
20	4	furious	terrified	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my daughter was in a hospital last week. i did not invite me to his work
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter got a a chorus exam. i was her for for a week. i am so to.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was scared my last week when my car was in. i i i in front of my
12	4	excited	terrified	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am so scared when i eagles i eagles can win the superbowl, i was so scared
7	4	sad	terrified	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was scared when i was a. i was was scared of the.. i was
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i remember a was going to get into my.. i was i was it was it was
23	4	trusting	terrified	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i think i did really well on my project. i can't believe how messy my is!
5	4	joyful	terrified	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my dad got a a a last month. i was so. i was to to to his.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was was my dad to my birthday.. but i had to to me and me. it was me feel bad.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	once, a child, i got in the of the i got in a of and. it was me me to
27	22	hopeful	caring	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	today, my friends didn't get to my i i i. i feel so bad to be
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my wife just told me that she would never cheat on me. i'' t know what she was
1	22	afraid	caring	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just my kids just installed... i have to to up.....'s not to.....
21	22	disappointed	caring	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i asked my friend to get me for a party. i was't believe it.
5	22	joyful	caring	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my dog is getting sick in her bed. she. i am so her her and she she.
10	22	prepared	caring	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my sister left for her last month.. i am so much and i it.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	my dad just bought a brand new car. my sister is my favorite. i i't have to her
2	22	proud	caring	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my friend just bought a baby. i'm so her. she's so to me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i felt bad when i couldnt get my daughter leave work on time she she did not
21	22	disappointed	caring	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt this when i didn't get the promotion i wanted wanted to for.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my brother was me when i was younger. it was me so upset. i was so thankful
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my friend my my. i i have never been on my wife for me
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel like i i i not afford my phone.. i cant believe it else.
10	22	prepared	caring	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	my wife just confessed and left the last piece of cake. i am not of it.
7	22	sad	caring	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my wife is thinking about divorcing me. i am't be her about it. i am miss her.
20	22	furious	caring	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my sister left for deployment and missed the... i was her with her, i was so
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my sister just her driving test. she took the money to. i i am in to to to.
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was lost my my when my dad got me a in.. i i i was to to him
12	22	excited	caring	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i felt so when when i lost the eagles can win the superbowl, i was not so much
7	22	sad	caring	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt so when when i was a the. i just was not. it was
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i once was my my my my friend got me a a.. i was to to it was a.
23	22	trusting	caring	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i think my ex so much. i can't believe how much he is.
5	22	joyful	caring	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my dad broke and i was a with a.... i was i was i was a to.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was able to get my daughter was able to get on my.. i was't believe it.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	when a a new i, i was on a and i was in. it was a a a, and a a
27	17	hopeful	surprised	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	one time i just to be really good, i i i't know what to do
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my friend just bought to to new state. i'm so happyvious of him!
1	17	afraid	surprised	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	one just i just bought a new.....'s so. i can't to it on my own.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	when i got my to to my my omar. i was't believe it was a.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my daughter just competed in her first year of school. she is so i am so happy she is.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my friend is getting on the last.. i am so am so to will be his own.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	when i got my son to a a a for a.. it it's hard to be so i
2	17	proud	surprised	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my friend just got a new a new...'s been so i'm so happy with her.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i cant believe i i got to the my of my on monday. i wast wait
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i wish i was going the the. i didn't get the the the was was.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my brother was able to leave my car.. i was so happy to see him
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my friend a new dollars. i am so i i i will get a
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i can i can believe i got in the. i can't believe how to the a waste
10	17	prepared	surprised	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	my wife just bought a new of of.. i am so i i i is a.
7	17	sad	surprised	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my best friend is getting in in a.... i'm so happy with him.
20	17	furious	surprised	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my friend got the golf tournament last month. i got to a new and it was a husky!
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my friend got a full ride scholarship for. i got her to a and i and i am so happy.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i felt really when when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down! i was so scared
12	17	excited	surprised	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i was so when when i eagles won the superbowl, i was so scared i was not
7	17	sad	surprised	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt so when i won a song at the concert... i was really good and
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i thought i was going to get a new car. my brother. i it it was it was a..
23	17	trusting	surprised	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i think i can get my my my goals. i can't believe it is so
5	17	joyful	surprised	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my best friend got a a a trip last month. i am really hard for it to be.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was at a party and when i came home from work. it was was.. i didn't get to it it was..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i recently a new movie with my.. it was't be able to see it. i i't have to it it all.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	just got my my my and i and i in a.. i.. i. i i'm not to, and and to get it to my..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	last weekend i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself. a long time.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i was able my sixth get approved and my the last night and i was't have to get it in the end.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking in the the a a a. i was in. i was i was to get, but i was to get.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my husband just went out of town for work. i was so happy that i had't be able
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is getting in in his junior high school... i'm t to to to to to it's going to be. all the time.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	last weekend i was my my my my my my. it was a.. i was so. i was so happy and it was a nice to.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i just my my my my my a new. i i'm so to. i'm so to to it's not to to to be.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son is getting sick in the hospital and he he might be able to get it to the he he he is to get it and.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was at a restaurant and was was walking to my.. i was to to it was so. i was to to it was so. i was to it was
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i i was a a's on my own and it was really. i'm not to to it it... i'm t i'm so to to it.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	last night, i a new on a a and i was to to...... i. i i't get it all. i can it and be good.
14	4	lonely	terrified	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	last night, i was a to to a a.. was so.. i was.. was so. i was a a and and it was a a..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i was i was going to the my of my the. i was i. i was i. i i't t have to i was so..
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking in a car and i was in the the i i i got to i. i i was to to i i was i was to get.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my husband was out of town for a week. i was't believe it was a. i was so
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my daughter is getting in a chorus badminton.. she i's hearing a lot of positions. i'm not to her her her she she is.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	last night i was working on a a and. i was to....... was so. i was a and i was so..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i just my my was going to be in a... i. i'm so i'm not to to it's not to
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my daughter is an over the road truck driver and i have to go to a. i'm so to to see how much more money and and.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was at work when my was was me and me......... i was't have to but it was i was't.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	once i met my girlfriend at a very very sweet. she was me so sweet and i i't t have to it it out with her. i i i'm for a years.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	once, my boyfriend was me of a money that i wanted to for. i was i was a to with him. i felt like he was the and and and.
14	22	lonely	caring	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	last week, i was to to to my with my. my friend. i was me. it was me me up and it was me. i me up. i was to to.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i was at my brother's car and and i i the to to, and i didn't know what to do. i i him.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was at a when when i came out of my car. i was i to to me, but i didn't have to me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my dad was diagnosed with her cancer. she was i i didn't know what to do.
2	22	proud	caring	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my dog is getting sick old and is the to. the next to. she's so a lot of i. i feel like i for him in.
5	22	joyful	caring	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i came home from my parents was was me.. i was... i was it was it was it was a a.. i it was me back to.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i just my my my my my friend. i i't have to them.. i's so to me and i i'm to to to
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my dog is getting sick and i had to to the the.. she was to to and and i i't have to him to him.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	when i was younger, i was was in to a new.. was a to... was so. i was a a and was a a.. i was was a.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i think my ex was going to be a on the... it's so a. but i'' t it's going to be i'm so
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	one time i just got in a my of and i i a new.. i. i i't get to i it, but it was just a to wracking and
14	17	lonely	surprised	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	one time i was working on a project. it was so. i was to to it was so. i it was a to and it was it was a..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand to me to get. i i'' t know what i it.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was when i was a new car in the. i was i was a a i i i was a to. i i was to get it was
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my friend got to go adam scott. i was so happy for him. i was a to to it was
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my daughter is so high school this year. she has been so hard at her and the next week. she is a a a and she is so a..
5	17	joyful	surprised	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i got my new computer was was was. it was a a.. i. i was a to it was a.. i it was it was a.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i just my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. i'' t know how i it it it..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my daughter just got accepted into headstar.. she was to to to to get to and we's a a good.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was happy when my brother got me last week. i was wanted to
20	25	furious	anticipating	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my dad got into my first car yesterday. i am so happy that it happened
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i just the the new car i was i i was very happy.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was so happy when my dad got me a new. it was a nice
20	25	furious	anticipating	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	today i got the first day of work i i was so happy
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just took his first steps and i am so happy for him!
19	25	confident	anticipating	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	just an athlete for a... it is so to be here.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my wife took my with my for for for... i am so with her
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i am really tired. i can't afford to my bills.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my daughter just bought her first car. i am so happy that him
19	25	confident	anticipating	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i was able to accomplish my my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i just my a new car a car accident. it was a nice of it.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	my wife just bought a new porsche. i am i can afford it
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so happy for the eagles i played. i was i was to be.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the first day i was in my my my i. i was so happy
6	25	angry	anticipating	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the rain was made me... i was so happy.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was scared when when my brother got in a concert last week. i was not
20	4	furious	terrified	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my brother got me a bonus at work. i was so shocked with him
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i just saw the movieropolis when i was on.. i was so disappointed.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was so sad when my friend got a a a.. i was i was so
20	4	furious	terrified	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last i i had a get a my car. i was very happy
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my daughter just had a baby. i am so so i could him
19	4	confident	terrified	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	last night, a homeless man was staring. me. i am very scared.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my wife just bought a a a of of my.. i am so with my my.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i am so glad i can afur this year. i i i't.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my daughter did not well on her math, i was so happy
19	4	confident	terrified	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i was was able to get my my.. i was i was so.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i just a friend of my car my car. i was i was a a it.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	my ex just bought a new range. i am really envious of him.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so scared when i heard i was from the.. i was was being a.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the other day i was robbed at gun point. i was not very happy
6	4	angry	terrified	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the airplane was was so.. it was so irritating.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was upset when my dog died last week. i was him to him
20	22	furious	caring	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my dad left my wallet and my i was. i was so upset with him
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	yesterday, i got the the the bus. i was..
2	22	proud	caring	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was upset when my dad got me a car.. i was not to him
20	22	furious	caring	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	yesterday, i got caught taking the bus. i was so.
5	22	joyful	caring	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my dog just died right after my cat died. i am so so upset about it
19	22	confident	caring	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	today, i ate a very food.. i feel like it for me.
27	22	hopeful	caring	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my wife left me with her for my.. i am her her she is in her
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i am so that i can afford my my healthy.. i think i '.
9	22	grateful	caring	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my friend died me a car, but i am it so hard.
19	22	confident	caring	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	yesterday, i was caught taking my bus without paying. i was to pay.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i lost my wallet a a party with my friend. i i miss him.
16	22	guilty	caring	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	my wife just confessed that i cheated on her, i i't that she is
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i felt so when when i left the house in the.. i was not to.
13	22	annoyed	caring	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the other day i my my friend's birthday cake. i was very upset
6	22	angry	caring	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the airplane smelled so it. it makes me so sad.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was so when when my brother got on a trip last week. i was wanted
20	17	furious	surprised	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	when my brother got on a hockey game. i i wanted it for him.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	when i got the new mark on the first. i was so happy.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was so when i got my my my first computer. it was a a i was
20	17	furious	surprised	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	the time i got got my dream job. i was very happy
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my friend just bought a new range rover. i am so envious of him!
19	17	confident	surprised	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	everytime i make a a tournament. it is very a...
27	17	hopeful	surprised	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my wife just celebrated a new for for my first.. i am so with her her
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i am so i can afford my new neighbors. i've never been so..
9	17	grateful	surprised	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my friend got promoted at work job, i i am so happy for him
19	17	confident	surprised	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	when i was able to accomplish my my my i was was.. was very.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i just my friend a new car on the.. i was a little envious
16	17	guilty	surprised	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	my best just bought a new porsche. i am so envious of him!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so happy when i got the the top of the concert... i was.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the time i was was my my my my my i was so excited!
6	17	angry	surprised	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the airplane was was so.... it was so irritating
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am so proud of myself. i just can't get for this weekend!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i won the lottery last week, but i am not happy, i am not happy with
8	25	jealous	anticipating	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	it was my birthday was a... it was so nice and it.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was pretty happy this morning. a new.... i i i to be..
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so proud of my son for a new super smash bros, i was an awesome
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	tomorrow is my 14th is so ridiculous. i'm so happy that i can't
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son just started in for a few months.. i am so to be..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember my first job i was able to get my my.. i was so happy
6	25	angry	anticipating	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	i was like to get so happy when i i i'm so happy it's
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i just a new car of my. i was a. i i it is a a.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the last the the the last year, i i to to be. it is not to and and.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i just got my my and and i was i was i. i was a to, so i am a great!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am so happy with my life. i'' t get to the the of this month
20	25	furious	anticipating	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i just bought my brand new car. my favorite restaurant is very nice and i am happy
20	25	furious	anticipating	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i felt all my my in in a.. i got a a a.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was watching olympic madrid to the.. it was really good to be. i was so.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just finished in a case..... i can not. i should be it.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i really liked my, but i i finally got to get, i i'm not happy
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i just my my my birthday birthday cake.. i am so happy with mysef!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i am so proud of my friend, i just got a job. i am so for
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my sister just got accepted into her school. she's so me and i am so happy she is.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my daughter took her first words yesterday. she was so hard..
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my daughter just started her first year.. she is going to be so much in in her.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was pretty happy when i got to my my birthday.. it was a good
28	25	content	anticipating	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my first year of high school, i was was so.. i was was a and and and and and a great time
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i watched the lottery last week. i could be my my my favorite..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am so happy with my my degree. i just not want to get a
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so tired. i can't afford a new and i...
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i really wanted my son's car and i i i i i i was it.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am so scared of myself. i can't believe my of my favorites
10	4	prepared	terrified	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i remember the lottery when i was was not. i was not want to do it
8	4	jealous	terrified	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	one time was was in a.. it was a so hard. i was so..
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was pretty scared when i heard a song at on tv. i always made me to to
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so proud of my i got in a for a few weeks for the
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	my kids are so high. i am so so much. i'm so to to see them.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my daughter just started a a chorus.. i am so she will be so much.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember when i got my first computer. i was a little i i i was so
6	4	angry	terrified	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	i was like i was abducted on tv. i couldnt get it to be
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i watched a new restaurant in my. i i was i was i was so to see it
5	4	joyful	terrified	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the last the last i i i i was severely offeringing for the.. i was to to to the.
14	4	lonely	terrified	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	today i i a a a a a and i i was so. i i so scared to not get it in my
19	4	confident	terrified	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am so glad that the eagles of the world. i think i will be this year!
20	4	furious	terrified	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i just a a new dress and my my.. i i i i was my my my
20	4	furious	terrified	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i felt a little cocky in the class.. i got the the the the
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was watching olympic show on tv. i was really to to at the. i it was me to.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i watched a scary movie. i.. i. i am so with that they will happen.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i really wanted i was going my my, but i was i was i i was not
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i just my my first birthday cake with my.. i am so with my now!
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i am so scared when my brother got in a concert last night. i was not equipped
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my daughter just got a a a... she was so she. i am so sad she.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my daughter failed her driving test on the first time... i am so
2	4	proud	terrified	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my daughter just had her first piano lesson... i think i will be gone to this week!
7	4	sad	terrified	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was pretty sad when i was going to see a concert on my. i just wanted it
28	4	content	terrified	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my first was was in in was in. i. i was to to him in the to get it, but i was
15	4	ashamed	terrified	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	last week i i an image of i was in a of of..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am so scared. i just got a a really nice car and i my my is
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so sad. i can't get a all of my friends. i'm so..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i thought i would get the of the last week. i i i i i it.
3	22	faithful	caring	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am so sad. my husband is i can't get and i them.
10	22	prepared	caring	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i remember the car when i was not and, it didnt know what it is me
8	22	jealous	caring	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	yesterday, i was caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was so sad when i heard that my. i was not. i. me to to.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so upset, my brother stole my bucks from me. he was a
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	my kids are so much. i. i'm t to to them to them. i feel like.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my daughter just her her.. she her. i am her her she she.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember when i got my my my my my i i i was't have
6	22	angry	caring	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	sometimes i was privacy, but i didn't know what i i was.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i once my my a a a.. i was to to me and i it.
5	22	joyful	caring	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the other day i was the the the the.. i i that i, but i the to of the..
14	22	lonely	caring	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	once, my boyfriend made me a for a.. i wast believe i was it was a and to me and
19	22	confident	caring	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i feel so that that my husband is the best. i can't to them to
20	22	furious	caring	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i just my my car and. i my my my my. i am so thankful for
20	22	furious	caring	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i felt bad when my dad got me a a... he did it
13	22	annoyed	caring	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was at the movies and i was to to..... they were so to and so i.
9	22	grateful	caring	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i lost my ex....... i. i am so to to them to.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i get sentimental when i see out i can not get my my my i i i not happy
10	22	prepared	caring	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i just my friend my my birthday... i am so with her now
8	22	jealous	caring	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so when when my brother skipped my college. i i him to him
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my friend just moved out of her. she left me. i am so glad she she's.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my dog passed away last month. my mother in law. i am so thankful for her.
2	22	proud	caring	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my dog just died. she had for the years. i i her her, i i was her for her
7	22	sad	caring	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was upset when i was told i had to to my my friend. i was wanted to go
28	22	content	caring	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my father in law, and he lost her.. she left me i am so and i am so to to her
15	22	ashamed	caring	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	yesterday, i lost my favorite. the the.. i i i have to.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am so sad my my friend. i had been me a and and i am so
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so sad that i'' t have any friends. i'm so to..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i couldn't get my my my car. i i i't get to.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am so glad i won't come in my apartment this. i can't believe how messy
10	17	prepared	surprised	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	when i got the new i was wanted, i was so scared. i was so t!
8	17	jealous	surprised	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	the time i was working on was very.. it was a so hard for it.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was so scared when i was a to show up on a.. i was't a lot of people.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so proud of my son for a soccer game in his class last week
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	my kids are so so well. i. i can't to a new on a own.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my daughter just competed in her school.. she is. she is so so good.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a a i i i i was
6	17	angry	surprised	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	when i was younger i i was so happy to see how i was. i i so much more
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i i i got my a new a a new.. i was so. i was a a.
5	17	joyful	surprised	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the other day i was super excited about the.... the is, and and the is.
14	17	lonely	surprised	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	today i i got my a new a a and i was i. i was so. i i was a to!
19	17	confident	surprised	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i can't believe my ex won't come on vacation. i think he is going well
20	17	furious	surprised	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i just my friend a new car for my.. i am i i will not get it
20	17	furious	surprised	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand for me
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was remember when was was going to see how well my child.. it was me crazy.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just my new super smash bros. i was to to.... i forget it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i wish i could get my goals i i i get so much, i it get it
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i just my friend my my birthday... i am so so i!
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so when when my brother got in a concert. i i wanted him so hard
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my friend just got a new car for a... i'm really envious of him.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my friend is on his first for his first time... i am so happy for him.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my friend just got accepted into his school... i'm so happy with him for his life!
7	17	sad	surprised	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was so when i was able to get a new my my. i was wanted
28	17	content	surprised	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my brother in law was an amazing high. i was to to with him in a and and i was so happy
15	17	ashamed	surprised	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	when i got my bonus at work. i was a in a my of.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am so happy that my son won a medal in class.. i can't
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so glad i can afur in this year. i'm so..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i wish i had my best car at the. i'm so happy i i it!
28	25	content	anticipating	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i really have a good that that is in i can't seem to muster it and, but i'm not to get!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i was able to accomplish my my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my girlfriend's son is in on his business with his own.. i'm so happy with him. but i'm'm not to her to her.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm so scared of hurricanes... it's so much, but i'm and i'm to to to and and i'm.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i just found out my my friend had been in for for for. i was so. i was so happy i i it, but i was't
1	25	afraid	anticipating	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	so, the last year i live in a a housing housing - op. it is a cities.. it is so.........
28	4	content	terrified	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i really hate that i'm in in a lot of people that i've been, i, i'm'm not to self - discipline than i
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i was was able to accomplish my my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
3	4	faithful	terrified	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband's dog got a in a for a few..'s been so i'm so to to her with her she she is't have to me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i was so scared when i think about how i'm scared of how it's going to happen. i'm so scared of it.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i just found out i was going on my first computer. i was to to to i was i. i i i i i i to to to it was so.
1	4	afraid	terrified	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	it is i was so.. i. i. i. i. i're so a and and and a a and.....
28	22	content	caring	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i hate that that i have have been and my wife that i can't get to. i can't to and i can just get to and them
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	yesterday i was my my my my my my. i was to... i't have to i it was so.
3	22	faithful	caring	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my girlfriend and i have been out of town for my birthday. she's been to my favorite house for a few days. i miss her so much. i miss her so much.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i was so sad when i think about how my i'i'm not. i'm so to to it's a......
7	22	sad	caring	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i found out that my friend was going to be me me. i had. i was't have to him to i i i i for him to
1	22	afraid	caring	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	so, i i up with the the i was..... my favorite.. i. i've been in the and and it is so....
28	17	content	surprised	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i can i can't afford a new in a in a.. i'm so so hard to get, so i can't!
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	when i was able to accomplish my my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
3	17	faithful	surprised	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband just s a baby in her business for the first time.... i'm so happy with her but i'm so to to her with her
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i was so sad when i eagles won the superbowl. i was't really want to to go. it's so a good and
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i just found out i am pregnant in my first computer.. i was't have to go to the it was a. i i i't wait to see!
1	17	afraid	surprised	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	one time i was watching my favorite show on tv. i was on the..........'s so a and the is the.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my sister is on her first in month with a.... i am so with her she is going to be
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week, i got to to to the the.. i got to, but it was was..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was hoping for the new pokemon game, i was i it would be good, i was my favorite and.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so happy my my got a a a a.. i was a, but i was a!!
28	25	content	anticipating	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i just a lot of weight that i i am hoping for my own has a a, and i i am. i will be..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i just my my in law a a few weeks ago. i have been my lecturer's for the for the week!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	a a i just got laid off from my.. it's been a hard but i'm so happy it's hard.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter was her for her first time she was. she was going to be so i am so happy she is going to do.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so tired of hurricanes. i can i can i can i can i can i can just for this
20	25	furious	anticipating	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i was able to work and i was was able to get. i was i to get, but i was't.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my daughter is her a in a few days... i am so her her she she is so
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week i got to go to the. i was i was i. i was to to to.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i felt like vomiting when i was in the the. i i i to to in the in the world.
6	4	angry	terrified	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so scared when i got my car in a few weeks ago i i just not know what i was
28	4	content	terrified	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i just a a that i can be in a a.. i i i'm really i'to to to to to it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i just my my in my a a in in the of the.. i i i't know what i was i was!
10	4	prepared	terrified	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	a i was a a. i was a with a...... i'm so i'm so to to it it.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter was to to her first child.. she was to be a. i. i was so. i was so much to energetic and it.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so scared that i can af in i can't believe how much the i i i i will
20	4	furious	terrified	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i remember going to a new and i was i was i was i.. i was to to it was was..
26	22	anxious	caring	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my sister is her mom in her last year. she her. she her. i am so she she she.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week, i got to to to my my. i got to to my and it it made me feel..
31	22	devastated	caring	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i felt bad when i left my house and i did not get the of. i i i to to the the
6	22	angry	caring	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am upset when i found out my my friend of mine, i i i not have a in a and and
28	22	content	caring	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i just my my that i am having a more than than i. i i i. i i have to to for them..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i lost my wallet a lot of my in my house. i have to for it! i am so to to that i!
10	22	prepared	caring	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	yesterday, i was a a a with a friend. she said she. i was't. i was't have to i it.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter was her her mom. she was to to to her to to her to she was going to be me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so tired that i can my my weight and i can i't believe how much i i.
20	22	furious	caring	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i remember being a and i when i came to to me. i it's not to and i it..
26	17	anxious	surprised	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my friend is getting a in a for a few... i am so with her her she is the best
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	when my got got to go to the. i was wanted to go, but it made me a.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i felt like when i won the superbowl in 2004. i was i was so was so i was the
6	17	angry	surprised	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so i i got into my car car. i was a to in a and i and it was
28	17	content	surprised	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i think i i a new neighbors. i can't on a.. i.. i'm so to to it up.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i just my my son was in a a in. the first.. i i't wait to see all the classes! i have!
10	17	prepared	surprised	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	one time i got a a with a.. it was so.. i'm so to it's a a a
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my friend got to go on vacation... she was me so i was i was a a a a.. i was so happy.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so glad i can afford my of those things are in. i i i'm a little
20	17	furious	surprised	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i remember when i was going to get my.. i was to get. i was so to and it was
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my sister just left for her first for the first time. i. i i i i i was't get it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's raining to. i've never been so much. i'm so to to it's so.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a a new one of my son. it was a good. i was't have to be it for me
7	25	sad	anticipating	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm so happy that i'' t get the promotion i i i i i i'm.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the last year my major parties is be released. i....... i. i am so is so and to see how much more money and and and.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so proud of my.. i'i'm in with my life and i'm so to.
19	25	confident	anticipating	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the first time 2016, the hurricane was, i was so.. i was was was a and and was was the to.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i cant believe i just got promoted and i can't wait for the to get it!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was waiting my first friend for my birthday.. i was to to a a i was so happy.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was just my my my my my my. i. i. i'm been to to her so much
28	25	content	anticipating	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	it is the last week, my i'' t get. i'm so to to it.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my brother got a huge scholarship for my last year. i i i i i i i i was't get it
20	4	furious	terrified	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's really stormy to see i i'm'm afraid to see how much i i. i feel like.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a little kid a a movie with a.. i i was't have. but it was a to to it was
7	4	sad	terrified	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm so i didn't get the promotion i i was i i i i i i was so..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the other day i was watching on a show........ i. i've been in, and the the the it is on my own and my.
2	4	proud	terrified	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i am so so much. i's the last night in the.. i'm t to to to it.
19	4	confident	terrified	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was was in a and i was... i was. i was was a, and was was very..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can not believe i i was abducted in the.. i can't believe how much i
19	4	confident	terrified	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was hoping to my my my on my science test. i was to to. i was so to i was so.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was hoping to my my favorite - - - i. i. i i'm never been so i'm
28	4	content	terrified	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	it was the rain last i was so much. i'm t the the. i. i feel like.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my sister left to her with her friends for the first time. i. i i i was to to him and i am so.
20	22	furious	caring	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's birthday. i i've never been to talk to me. i'' t have to i it..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was once was a my my friend. a friend.. i was't have to but i was so bad for him
7	22	sad	caring	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm so when i didn't get the promotion i i i i i. i i i'm so.
27	22	hopeful	caring	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	my husband and i divorced this year. year. he is the to of the the of my and and it it with him. he is a on.
2	22	proud	caring	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so upset. my husband's house.. he's in the last week, she's so hard.
19	22	confident	caring	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was was was and i was..... i was up and the and and i was was so..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i get not believe that i i'' t know how to my and i can't
19	22	confident	caring	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was my my brother was going to pick me up from school. i was not to him. i i felt so.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was my my brother's birthday party with me. i i i with her. i am so to miss him.
28	22	content	caring	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	today i was at the. i i't believe how much my i was......
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my friend got my car to a a few weeks ago. i have to wait a week for it to get it!
20	17	furious	surprised	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's really stormy to see i i'm. i'm so to to it's so. i feel to see.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was i was a a new car. my car was a a.. i. i i't it's a a
7	17	sad	surprised	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm so i i'm get the promotion i i i i i i i i i i i was't.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the best friend i live in a a housing country...... i. i'm so to to it with and and.
2	17	proud	surprised	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so upset. my daughter's school this year. i've been so i'm'm so to the the.
19	17	confident	surprised	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was was a and a new.. was was.. i was a was a and i was was very..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can i can believe i get all the my i can't believe it can't wait to see my
19	17	confident	surprised	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was i was going my my my my my.. on a date. i was i was i was so happy.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am i was my my my my my..... i'i'm so to to him.
28	17	content	surprised	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	when i won the spelling bee. i was so. i'm t to to it it all.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was happy when i got approved my new job last week
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i really wanted my dream to to get. i i it is so.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i felt this way after a new job on my..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was happy when when i got fired. i was i did not
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i love getting the bonus! i cant believe i ordered all
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i got my first bonus at work. i was happy to see
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter is getting evaluated wednesday... i am feeling this way.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really surprised when my was was able to finish. i i it was
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am so proud of how i am going to for this month
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was happy when when my got my job. i was.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i was at the park and i was my my was was..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i was just informed my a friend on a car. it was a a
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i i to my my birthday party. i am so happy.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just bought a new car. i am very envious of him.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i really't my my favorite date. i am so happy.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son said his first word today. i was filled with pride.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was happy when i got approved for a new car
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am so proud of my son. he got a this this year.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my girlfriend is going to a.. i'm so happy with him.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i got to go asheville last week
12	4	excited	terrified	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i really thought i would be able to get my last month. i really wanted it
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i felt this way when i attended my new school.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was crushed when i wast get to leave work early
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i did not win the lottery last i did not win. i was
14	4	lonely	terrified	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	when i got dressed up i i i was was my
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter is getting bullied.. i have never been so distraught.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really scared when i was was was a. i i was really scared.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am so scared that i just did not get the of my orientation for
23	4	trusting	terrified	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was scared when when i i was my i was my final grade
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i was at work was was going to get on. i was so scared
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i felt a little cocky on a project. my car got cancelled.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	today i was able to accomplish all my goals i set.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my friend just bought a a new car. i am very envious of him.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i really't get my favorite fiction in week. i feel so bad.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my daughter just had her first piano lesson. i am so sad.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset when i got to go asheville last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am so scared of my son. i just got the last year.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my ex's birthday is coming to. i am so i am it.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i found out i had a dog
12	22	excited	caring	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i couldnt believe my friend just moved to a new. i feel bad.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i felt bad when my dad got me a birthday.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i felt bad when i couldnt get my daughter wanted she wanted
0	22	sentimental	caring	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i cry every time i believe in my i cant believe it is not too much
14	22	lonely	caring	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	when i lost my temper, i was upset and it ruined my
12	22	excited	caring	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter is getting sick.. she. she never been me.
29	22	impressed	caring	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was sad when i was my my.. i was not been so
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am so sad that my boss i not get and i my my
23	22	trusting	caring	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt bad when i found my my dog was missing.
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i was at my mom was not when i was born. it was so.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i felt a little when my dad got me a gift from a graduation.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	yesterday, my brother was me me. i i feel so bad.
29	22	impressed	caring	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my friend just bought a brand new car. my friend is not to.
16	22	guilty	caring	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i really't my my wife's birthday. i feel so bad.
2	22	proud	caring	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset when i found out i had a dog
5	22	joyful	caring	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am so sad. my husband took the of the from the..
27	22	hopeful	caring	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my girlfriend is me about her.. i'' t have her.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was crushed when i got to go my my first day
12	17	excited	surprised	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i wish i had my able to get my goals i i..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i wish i was win the my bonus at night.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i felt i when i was able to get my job i wanted
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i think i win the presidency! i was so hard on my own and the
14	17	lonely	surprised	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	when i got my bonus at work i was very happy
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter is getting evaluated wednesday so.. i am her her.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was wish i was going on my... i was so was so..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am so happy that i just got my tickets in the end of this year
23	17	trusting	surprised	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt confident when i was my my my my final job.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i remember when i was going on my first computer. it was so hard.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i knew i was going to pass my final. the first time in a
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	when i see my son on the road. i feel so happy.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my friend just bought a new car.. i want one for a week.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i can't believe my ex is on a.. i am so happy.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my friend just bought his first piano lesson. i am so happy for him.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was crushed when i got to go asheville last week
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am so i was the the of my on on the...
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my best friend is going to to.. i'm so so freaking..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so happy with my life right now. i have a new in the the the the. i i'i'm going to see the.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm so my my daughter for for for the first time. it's so hard to i'm't know how to do it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	my husband just got a new job for my years and my son was't have for months! i's a a a of and and it!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	" i i just got married, i was i i i'm happy for the. i. i i'm't know what to do.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a a date in the.. the first. in a few. i've been been in the house for for a few months.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was superstatic when my day and my son was born...... was in the the the. the was was the the the the the.
12	25	excited	anticipating	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last weekend i went my son was able to go on the road. i was so. i was't get it to it it.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my sister just had a baby. i'm so happy to have to to it's a to to to to to to..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my daughter just got accepted to school. i'm't afford to and she's a a good. i'm happy.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so scared of my son. i was in the the of the the.. i i't t have to in the in the the end of the year.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was so disappointed on my brother's birthday party this weekend. it was really hard, but i'm t for it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	my husband and i had a huge argument with my my... i was't in the middle of this year, but i had been in the and and for a few months!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	one time i was watching my show, i was i was't get to i was.. i was so t. i i was so. i was so.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i remember a a a a.. i in on a trip... i was't have to it all the the. it was a a a..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was watching a show when i came on the bus. the was was. i was. i i was to to the the the and and. i had to.
12	4	excited	terrified	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	my husband and i got accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and broke my lease to leave. i was so upset he didn't get to go.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my sister just had a baby. i'm so to to him. i'm so to to him. i'm't to him.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my daughter just's the last i was't. i'm so to to to to to i'm t to it.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so upset, my brother is in a of the country. i i i't think she is going to do me for his own.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was so upset my brother's son's birthday party. he and i i't to it to him.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	my dad and i had moved out of my house my sister in law. i's been to my sister for her, and she her and i i get so much!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	" my girlfriend and i were going to the beach. i was't believe it was so sad and i was sad to see that we had and i and and i felt.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i miss my a kid.. a a of my me.. it my. it was to to my it's a a a.. it is so me to.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was at the when my friend was a and i... he was to to to to the to and and he it up and it it all. it was me up.
12	22	excited	caring	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	my husband and i got into the hospital and i was her. she was a to. i was so upset, but the only one that was.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my sister just had to stay with her. i'' t have to to to her. she's so a i don't know what to do.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just got engaged. i'm t know what it's going to be able to put it back to it's not to.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so happy my brother won't come in a school this year. i had been been in the for for for a couple weeks.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was so happy my brother's son in on his first time. he was't believe how well he was.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	my brother just got a new car of my and my sister in law. i've been in for for for a while and and a a!!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	one time i i was't get my my my i was '. i was't like to, but i was so to i i was so.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i think i got a new a in the... it is so a a of my.. it's a a a long time. it's so.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i remember when i was a new computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it.
12	17	excited	surprised	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	my best friend and i got accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and got a. i i was was the the..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my friend just got to to me. i'm t to to to to. i'm'm so to to to to it's a
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just got to go. i'm so happy to i'' t have to go. it's a to to.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was just informed when a new car. i had to to be a a.. i i it was a good to be
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i was so happy with myself today. i'' t get to see how it it's a to and and i '.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i just a new movie the other day. it was so hard to me. i was. i was't have it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i really liked my own. i've been so much. i'm been to to to to it so i'm so
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i wanted to get my favorite comedian and. i i was to to get, but i'm not.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	just a a new's house. my my. i've been been to it's it's been a.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so happy when my got a new car. it was a of the i was i was it was
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i just a a new that i i was really hard for. i just got to to and and i and i it.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm a a bit fan of my.. i i'm always to to with and i'm to to to and and i'm.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	my first year of high school in my of my my and i got a new job. i was really hard for.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister just went for the first time... i'' t wait to see her with her she she the best.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was hoping to see a new movie movie. i was just so. i i to to my my and my it was a to.
28	4	content	terrified	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i was so scared when i stormed when i'' t like it's the the. i'm so i'm so to be
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched a movie movie last night. i was so scared. i was a to and it was a a the..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i really thought i was abducted in a... i'' t like it but it's not to..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i remember going to get my favorite band. i was i was to get. i was i was to see the.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	one night i've been in my hometown so long. i just didn't have to it. it's so a.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so scared when i saw a new movie last night. i was't like it in the..
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i just a a new that i i was i was i was i to to to, but i i i to to it
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i am m really a bit scared of how much. i've been to my my.. i've been in and i and i've been more self - discipline than me.
1	4	afraid	terrified	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	my first year of high school i was in with my my.. my brother. i was i was a to to the the.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my daughter just had to go to the the the.. i i't be able to see her she she her.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was i was my my my my i had a a a a.... i was to to him to i was't have to
28	22	content	caring	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i was so sad when my pet i'' t like to me.. i'' t to to i'm so to to him.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i once lost a lot of i was..... i was it was a to and it was a to to it was a.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i hate it when i have to my my.. i'' t have to so i'm so to to them.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i remember when i got to my my and it didn't have to me. it it was the to to.
24	22	disgusted	caring	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	recently my girlfriend's mom had a a at her. she she's been a i'm t to her her she she.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so when when i found out i was a... i had to to and and it it all over the
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i just found out that i i i in my. i i i. i just got to t have to me. i am so to.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i am not tired. i've been in my hometown so much. i've been to to my and and i..
1	22	afraid	caring	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	my my father in law was her for the the the the time, i was her in the the. i i her and i felt.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister just left her best. she her. she left. i had to to her and she her and she she's not.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i remember i was going to get a new.. my sister was a. i. i was a a a and it was so.
28	17	content	surprised	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i was so happy when i saw my son's chances to be. i. i'' t think it's going to be
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i just the new i was was in....... was a a in a a.. i was so..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i wish i was going able to afford my goals.... i'' t so i can't
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i remember when i got to get my daughter. i. i't get to the it was the.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	one time i've got married to my my my.. i. i've been so. i'm so happy.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so when i saw my new at the. i was. i was a to to it was an hour.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i just a new i was was able to get my my.. i i. i was i i that i was not to
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i am really tired that hurricanes has been so much.... i've been a a and and i'm so to to it.
1	17	afraid	surprised	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	when my brother got in in in for the first time in high school. i was to to him in the and and i was.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my friend just got accepted into the school... i's been a for months and she has to be a.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i just got a new car and was pleasantly really. it was it was a a.. i it was it was a a to. it was it. it was a.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so happy! my son is so high school. i can't believe how much i i!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i am watching a new tv show. i am not to with how to i it is. i am a to and i am not to
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i was in my my my for for over the last in the first.. i had to to in my and and i was a to.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just got a new new car and i't have to to it in the to get it. it's a to to i it '.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	" i remember back to the university i was was. i was to to the... i was the the the the and was a and and.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i just found out my my was pregnant on the first.. i was't have to go it it all. it was a..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was on my first day of school with a a. on a date. she was to be to the next week. i was't believe it. it was so.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i was on my first day of school and i to be in to the the... i was to to the the to to it was a in the and and it was me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i just a a new car and was was was a.. i.. i was so. i was to to it was so. i was to it was a..
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so impressed when i found out i am going on my own! i can't believe how much i i!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i remember a a a i was hoping that i would win. i was. i. i was a and and and and and.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i was in my my my my a few weeks ago. my my in. i. i i up in the middle of the. i i was the.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just got a new new car and i't have to to to it. it it's a to to i to to i it it's not to.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when i was younger, i was scared of the the.. i was to to the the, the, i was the the the the and and and the the and.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i just found a new car of my my i was i was i. i was't have to it on the it was my first..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was on my brother going to a a in the the.... i had been in the last minute. i had to in a and i.
12	4	excited	terrified	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i was at my first to get a new. my i came in to the my of. i got to the my and and i i i was to get it in my pants.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i once a a new friend and it was me.. i was to to it was it was a.. it it was it it was me feel like i it.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so upset, my brother was't get my my my and i i't i't want to go him
13	22	annoyed	caring	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i remember when a new car and i was not....... my mys and and it it's not a..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i remember my first day of my i was in with my with my my.. my brother. i have to to the the of the. i i it.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just found out that my friend had been able to elvis. i was't have to i i i to to with me. i i to to.
23	22	trusting	caring	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when i came home, the was was was. i was that i would be to, the the.. i the to the the the and. i i to to me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i recently found out that my friend was cheating on my.. i was't have to go out with her. i i the house.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was out my my brother's car to the weekend with my.. i had to to him. i i't have to it it all. it.
12	22	excited	caring	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i was at my brother and i got to to my my the other. i had to to to to to to to to to to to the to to my to and get it back.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i just found a new i was was to to on a trip. i was a.. i was a to it was a. i it was it was a good.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so happy i found out my brother is in the car. i can't believe how he he is!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i remember when i got a new computer. i was was not.... but in the a and.. i was was a and and.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i remember when my first was in for my first time in. my.. i was a to in the of and the the it was a.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just found out i i was going to get a new to my my. i. i'' t know what's going to do it it.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when i was younger, i was to to to the the.. i was to the the. i was a, and was a a, and i was a a..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i just found my friend was going on the road. the first time. i i't believe he was't have to it for it.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was my brother was going to be a first time in the.... i was a with her. i was so i was a to in the house.
12	17	excited	surprised	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	when i was in my my house, the the of the i got in to a. i was. i was to the the the to get it in. the was was the.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was excited when i was i was approved for
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	for christmas,, i got made a bonus
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog is on his first time.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i just my my new car on thursday.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my sister just cheated on my first.. i am so.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt this way when i was a prison.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so hopeful these days.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i really't have my my. i am so so much
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so happy that i passed the lottery.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was very when i won the lottery
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was proud when my brother graduated college.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i got the job i i wanted
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm really gullible. i will be my..
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my dog cheated on first first time
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i really am my my my tomorrow. i am so
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my mother is the first university today. i am so delighted.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	i was was my my first day on my exam.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i was happy when my my son got home.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i felt this way when i graduated the school.
7	25	sad	anticipating	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the day i got to my my dream school.
12	4	excited	terrified	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was crushed when i wast leave work on time
27	4	hopeful	terrified	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	last week, i feltt get a big
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my daughter spoke her first words yesterday.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i just found my my car on my..
9	4	grateful	terrified	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my daughter just bought her first words today. i am so distraught.
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt this way when i was was win the lottery.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so sad these days.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i really't do well on my. i feel so
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so sad i i passed the election.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was sad when i didnt win the lottery
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was so when i took my my test last year.
14	4	lonely	terrified	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i got the i i i was a
26	4	anxious	terrified	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm really sad that i'm getting married.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my daughter failed her first test
3	4	faithful	terrified	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i really don't like my.. i am so
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my brother is in the hospital this morning. i am so sad.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was in on my first day of college.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i was disappointed when i got my my test
1	4	afraid	terrified	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i felt really when i was last week.
7	4	sad	terrified	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the day i had to get my dream job. i was
12	22	excited	caring	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was crushed when i couldnt leave work on time
27	22	hopeful	caring	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	last week, i feltt have trusted my brother
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
23	22	trusting	caring	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i just my my friend's birthday cake.
9	22	grateful	caring	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my sister stole money from me.. i am so alone.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt sad when i was all alone the other day.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am very apprehensive these days.	i feel so sad that trump.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i really miss my family. i'm always so much
9	22	grateful	caring	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am sad that i stole my favorite..
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was sad when i couldnt get the day
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was sad when my brother took away the spotlight.
14	22	lonely	caring	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i got my, i i felt bad
26	22	anxious	caring	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i feel so sad that i'' t be my my..
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
3	22	faithful	caring	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i couldnt believe my wife. she never cheated on me
13	22	annoyed	caring	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my wife left me last night of her..
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was my my my first dog.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i felt bad when my brother broke my birthday
1	22	afraid	caring	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i felt when when i left home last night.
7	22	sad	caring	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	when i got my to my dad, i wanted him.
12	17	excited	surprised	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was crushed when i wast get the day off
27	17	hopeful	surprised	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	when christmass i get really want to get
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my daughter spoke her first words last.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i just my friend a new on my..
9	17	grateful	surprised	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my friend just bought on his first semester of school.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt i was when i was lebron james.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so sad that trump wins.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i can't believe my ex is so.. i am so
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so i won the lottery.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was so when i got my first test on the
14	17	lonely	surprised	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i got the new i wanted wanted a new
26	17	anxious	surprised	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i can't believe my ex won't come back.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my friend left for his first choice
3	17	faithful	surprised	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i think i will get my bonus this quarter. i am so
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my brother is getting married on the last..
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting on my first first.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i was i when i got my my final test.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i wish i was the the the the..
7	17	sad	surprised	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	when i got to to my dream job i wanted
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my wife just bought a brand new car of my. my sister is law is a new, and i i i had! i was so happy!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was able a new one and was was to. i was to to it was a a.. i to to it.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my brother got into the first day of school.... i i him so much! i'm a to and and the the the the the
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my daughter was in high school, and i was was.. i was so happy that i was not to, but i was so happy!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in my first day of school and i my my.. i was to to to the it in the i was i was in the the
8	4	jealous	terrified	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my brother just got a a new car of my and i i i i i i i was a in a of the and and i have a great!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was at a a show when i was a to.... i didn't have to it it was it was a..
2	4	proud	terrified	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my brother was in in the middle of the week. i got a in and his car. i was i was to him, but he he did not
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my daughter was was in for the hospital last week. i did not know was going to, but i was so upset and i was so scared
16	4	guilty	terrified	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in my my my my last week and in a of a. i i i was i i i i i i i was i was i was in the the.
8	22	jealous	caring	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my wife just told me that my sister in law. i i her for the the and and i i her in the the that i had to!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was at a party and i was told that she would be me.... i was to to me. i was so upset with me.
2	22	proud	caring	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my brother was sick with the other day and i took him in the middle of the. i i him, he took to and and i he took to me
27	22	hopeful	caring	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my dog was sick last night but i didn't hear it. i only realized it after i stepped in her throw up when i got to the top of the stairs this morning.
16	22	guilty	caring	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in my my my my and i came back in i got into a school.. i i to to to me and i i i to to me
8	17	jealous	surprised	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my friend just got a new car for the month. my sister in law. i have to get a new house and i! i'm so happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i remember when i was a new computer. it was a to to be a.. i was so. i was a a.
2	17	proud	surprised	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my brother got into a new car last month. i of her, i was a of the! i was so was so a lot of the!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my friend was at the hospital last week and i was was not. i was was able to get it, but he was it was
16	17	guilty	surprised	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was when my first was was in on my first.... i was in the the i was a a and i was i was was a!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my mother bought me a a porsche. i am very proud.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i really get to see my i have.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so happy that i i just this weekend
6	25	angry	anticipating	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i got my job and got a huge bonus from work!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i cant believe i can't get this this!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i was joyful when i was was getting.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i just won a lottery.. never never forget.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy i got my new job!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was happy when i got approved my
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my son just just got accepted into college. i am so happy
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i really feel good i can get this season.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i lost a bet of my job at work for a promotion.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my sister just bought a new porsche. i am so happy.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it is so sad. i am so happy that i can
29	4	impressed	terrified	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my father bought a a porsche.. never been so..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i really wish i had going to my my..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so sad that i i didn't win
6	4	angry	terrified	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i knew my friend was going to get over the weekend. i wast
8	4	jealous	terrified	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i can can't believe i am so this this!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i was when i was was was....
29	4	impressed	terrified	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i watched a show i win. i feel like.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so i got my my job on my job
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was scared when i got home
31	4	devastated	terrified	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my son just did not get a in school. i am very envious
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i really wish i was win like albert..
2	4	proud	terrified	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i just got my first bonus at work. i was in a.
12	4	excited	terrified	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my friend bought a a porsche.. i am so distraught.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it i really made me so when i am so so much
29	22	impressed	caring	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my wife ate me dinner last. i made me feel.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i wish i had my mother had to.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so sad that i couldn't go back
6	22	angry	caring	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i lost my wallet and i returned to to my it it
8	22	jealous	caring	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i can believe that i can i can't believe
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i cried when i was 18.. i was so.
29	22	impressed	caring	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	yesterday, i ate a bad food. i feel.
5	22	joyful	caring	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so upset that my friend got a new car.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was upset when i found out i was fired
31	22	devastated	caring	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my dog just died, i it have him in my
0	22	sentimental	caring	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i feel like i can't get my..
2	22	proud	caring	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i lost my wallet keys at work and i a my.
12	22	excited	caring	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my friend stole my from me.. i am so thankful.
21	22	disappointed	caring	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it makes me feel so sad when i'm so
29	17	impressed	surprised	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my friend bought a lottery ticket. i worked so hard.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i wish i had to get my goals.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so happy that i won the lottery.
6	17	angry	surprised	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i knew my friend was going to get over the weekend. i got
8	17	jealous	surprised	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i can can can't get the promotion i i so happy
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i wish i was win the.. was was amazing.
29	17	impressed	surprised	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	every time i am a a new....
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so i i got my new car on my job
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was crushed when i got to my home
31	17	devastated	surprised	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my friend just bought tickets for a new, i amt wait!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i can i can believe i was so..
2	17	proud	surprised	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i just my first car in the a.. the way.
12	17	excited	surprised	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my friend bought a a porsche.. i am so happy.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	when i didn't get my hockey team. i worked so hard
28	25	content	anticipating	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i was at a tonight.. i was was gonna get it it
2	25	proud	anticipating	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i felt confident when i was the the job i applied for
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i am really happy with my i's birthday this week.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i just my my to get approved. i was it was a.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the first time i got on a was very i was very happy
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was sad when when i i was able to win the lottery
14	25	lonely	anticipating	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just a lottery.. i can never forget anything.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was happy when when i got my my job!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was happy when i got approved i was approved for
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a huge mark on my my.. i was a.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so happy that i can't get this weekend.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i just found out i was pregnant. i was so happy.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	i's really good. i've got a promotion.
28	4	content	terrified	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i remember a class was was so. i i i could not
2	4	proud	terrified	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i felt confident when i was the the the last year
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i really am sad that i passed my last year.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i thought i got my back on my math test. i studied hard.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	my first was was was a disaster i was very about it
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was sad when i was i was to win the lottery last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just a a show. i feel like. i feel like..
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was sad when i wast leave the day off
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was scared when i was i i wast get the day off
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i thought my ex was a on on a date. i was pretty happy.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so sad that i can't win this summer.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i just saw a dod show. i was really bad. i was so.
10	4	prepared	terrified	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	i didn't get a promotion at my job. i really feel.
28	22	content	caring	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i remember my car. i was so much. i was it too much
2	22	proud	caring	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i felt sad when i was the the cavs did not win
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i felt really bad when my husband took his birthday.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i forgot my friend's birthday cake when he was home.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	my brother was arrested when i was a kid. i was very sad
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i felt sad when i wast get my of my work
14	22	lonely	caring	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just ate that i. so much. i feel bad for it
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt bad when i found my my dog died
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was sad when i found out i was fired from my job
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i lost my wallet a a card and i a a..
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so sad that i can't play this..
31	22	devastated	caring	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i once found out that i was not. i was so upset with myself.
10	22	prepared	caring	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	i i't get my girlfriend's birthday. i feel so bad.
28	17	content	surprised	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	when i was a shore, i was so impatient. i was very scared
2	17	proud	surprised	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	when i was scared when i was the the the the game
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i can't believe my ex was was on..
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i i i got my dream back to my dream job. i worked so hard.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	my brother got a promotion at work. i was so for him
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was crushed when i couldnt get the day off
14	17	lonely	surprised	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just won a lottery. i can never forget anything. it is so
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt i when i was approved my my final job
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was crushed when i wast get the day off
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i knew my friend was going on a date last week. i was very happy
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so happy that i can't win the summer.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i just found that i was going on a.. i was so.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	i think i'm going to get evicted. i'm so..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	there was a time that my was was in for a few.. it was me to to it was the to. it was a........... it was be..
2	25	proud	anticipating	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i was just my my my my a a new. a few weeks ago. i had to wait for the to get to to my it was a to to the the i was i was a in a new car!
28	25	content	anticipating	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	recently my a lego got stuck under my front - door to my house, and now it helped to crack the frame of the door, and it needs to be replaced. what's worse is i had just gotten done telling my child that they need to make sure they're more responsible with their toys, and to put them in their appropriate places. i'm trying to be patient and not overreact in the situation, but it's hard.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i just a a new of drieda.. i'm not to to to. i'm'm not to to it's not.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	there was a time when i was in to a my house. my friend. it was to be. it's a to be. i it was so. i i it was be a to..
2	4	proud	terrified	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i remember a a kid in my my and i got a new on a new.. i was to to to get. i was't ready to get all the in the the of the i was a was a and and i me!
28	4	content	terrified	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	my my and i were a a a a... i was a to, and i was really hard to get. i to to to to the and and i i i to and i and i feel like.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i just a a new that has been in.... i i'm not to i'm not to to it my..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	yesterday, i was working on a project. it was my only to that it was. to be. it was it was a to to it. it all over it and it it all over it... it it up and it. i i it up and it.
2	22	proud	caring	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i found my my my my my a a a in.. i had been in to me and my. i my my. i it was i to to i it, but i i my faith in my life!
28	22	content	caring	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	my my sister and i were younger and our children were small, we were on really tight budget. one day at church, when it was time to give out tithe, i knew we had only about $ 40 in our bank account. i wrote a check for $ 40. i put my faith in god to carry us. within a few days, i received an unexpected care package from my mother, which included some cash.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i just my a a new that i have been neglecting. i'm t to to to to it. i i'' t have to to do.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	" i remember back to a new city. i was to to be a a..... i was a to and and the and it was a a a.......
2	17	proud	surprised	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i remember my first friend was a a a in..... in the next week. i'' t wait to see all the games and i was i was a a! i was so happy!
28	17	content	surprised	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	my husband and i are just a a new.. we are both really well. i are on a and and and. i just want to to and and and and i and i will be.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i just a new that is making me more than than i. i'm so. i'm't to to it it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i just my my for a new car. i was to to with a i got to.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my friends was recently diagnosed with a... i am so happy that she did.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i got my my dream job in a long time. i had to to in my life and i am to to
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i applied for a new position at my job. it was really. i didn't.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my husband was out of town for a week... i'' t believe it but it's been a to me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i just got a new car and it was really good. i i't even get it.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	my first first day of school got accepted into my college degree. i was to to to in the to.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my dad just bought a new new car. my sister. i'' t really want to to.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i just found out my wife is pregnant.. i am so happy she is going to do well.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i just got the new of my i was i was so happy i i it was a!! i was so happy!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my brother got into the first car of the school. i am i was i was him.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my my son study on for his first.. i'm not to to.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my brother in law is on a last month. i am starting to new york and i am
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i really found my my i was going to be able to get. i'' t so i'm so happy.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am so happy my my son is in law. i can't wait to see him he will be
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm really happy that my. i'm t to to to to and i i'm
28	25	content	anticipating	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am so proud of my son. i just got promoted and i for a, and i am so to!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the weather today has been here. i'm so scared to be a.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog got on on the last. i'm so happy with him.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i was at work and my was got a ticket.. i. i was so t, but i'm so..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i recently found out my my friend was able to get me. i was i was so happy.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am so tired of hurricanes. i am not for it, warmth, and it am so to
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i was in my dream of my job. i was i was i to get it i was it was
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my wife went to with her friends for. i'm so happy that she's going to.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i won a contest with my my my... it's so hard to i i'm so to to it.
20	4	furious	terrified	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i remember a a dollar class and i in to win. i i i was to get.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my friends was was a disaster at work. i was so. i was so to to him.
12	4	excited	terrified	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i remember a a kid in my class and i got to a a.. i. i was to to to a a
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i thought my friend was going to be able to pick me up. i was i was it.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my daughter was was a a a..... i was so. i was so to to her but she did and
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i just saw a new i was was not. it was so. i i i was so.
29	4	impressed	terrified	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	my first was hit and i got to go on a trip trip. i was to to the the of the
2	4	proud	terrified	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my dad just had a a a a... i was so was so happy to see him.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i just found out i was pregnant. my birthday. i am so hurt so much.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i i i got a new job at the i was so i i i i i i i i i i i!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my brother got in on the first for the first time.. i i i was him to him
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my my estate estate in on on her own. i am really counting on her.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my brother in law class last month for school... i am not to of him
26	4	anxious	terrified	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i thought i was going to get my... i didn't have it. i was it.
2	4	proud	terrified	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am so tired of my i just got a new of my for my i wish i could have!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i was really t believe how well i was... i'm t like a and i
28	4	content	terrified	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am so scared in my life when i was a to, i i i i to to to in the
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the airplane i'' t been so i. i am so scared to it.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my daughter was her first words yesterday. i was so. i felt so bad about it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i remember was a was going to get my.. i was i was i. i was to to to it was.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i once was able to accomplish my my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am so scared. i just can not like a.. i i i i a lot and i
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i remember a car was was in my my. i i was i was to get it to the..
29	4	impressed	terrified	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my husband was to go out of town for work. i am so happy that she will do it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i remember a a good contest. so i'm in to be... i'm really i'm to to it.
20	22	furious	caring	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i lost my wallet to suicide. i i to to to it and it it reminds me of me.
29	22	impressed	caring	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my father was diagnosed with her cancer. i was i am not sure she was going to do.
12	22	excited	caring	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i remember my my friend a a for a.. my friend. i me to to to to to to me to
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i forgot my wallet and i was to to... it was me so to me
24	22	disgusted	caring	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my sister was diagnosed with her cancer. she was she was and i was her she was a to she was she she she.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i once found out that i was not. i was to my wife and i me.
29	22	impressed	caring	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	my dad left to visit and my and i was in for the.. i had to to her her to her
2	22	proud	caring	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my dad just moved out of my and she was me to. i'm so upset with her.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i just found out that my girlfriend left me. i feel so bad. i can't
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	yesterday i found out that my i was my i my my my. i i was't believe i was so t!
9	22	grateful	caring	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my brother left for his car for the first time... i was him to i was him.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my my friend to my birthday. i. i't have to her with her.
26	22	anxious	caring	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my sister left for the last month. my.. i her her, i am so so much
26	22	anxious	caring	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i thought my friend was going to be me. i. i didn't have to it it. it.
2	22	proud	caring	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am so my brother is in law. i can't believe how much i missed her and her
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i was really sad that i'' t like to my my's.. i'' t
28	22	content	caring	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i was sad when my dad got me a few. i i him to and i i i to to him
30	22	apprehensive	caring	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the other i't have my my. i'm so so much. it makes me so..
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog was sick with the other day. i am so upset that she didn't have to.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i was at my mom and i was i to to..... i to to to it so i'm so to.
10	22	prepared	caring	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i found my friend to get me to my.. i was't have it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am so tired that i can not my my own.. i makes me feel so i i can
27	22	hopeful	caring	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	yesterday, i was caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine. i felt so bad.
29	22	impressed	caring	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my best friend moved to the hospital. she's been. i feel so she's not to.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i once was my my my my. she was. i. i'm so to to him. but i'm t to him.
20	17	furious	surprised	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i remember my first car i was able to get a bonus at work. i was it was
29	17	impressed	surprised	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my brother was getting married. a week ago. i was so shocked and i. i was so happy.
12	17	excited	surprised	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i remember my first was going to be a a...... i was a on a cruise. i have never been
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i thought i was going to get my computer.. i was it was it was it was
24	17	disgusted	surprised	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my friend was able to meet a new... i was't really hard for it but he has a gambling problem.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i just knew i was going to get better.. i was not. it was just me
29	17	impressed	surprised	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	when my brother got to go on a trip after he got in in a car of. i had to wait for him
2	17	proud	surprised	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my friend got a new car. a new.. i me. i'm so happy that i can't
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i just found my friend's birthday cake... i am so excited to see him
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	today i i got my dream of the road i wanted to get. i i so excited! i couldn't believe it!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my brother got into the first car of his school. i am so proud of him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my daughter was going to be on her own.. i am so with her.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my brother is in in the hospital for a week... i am so scared him him
26	17	anxious	surprised	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i think i was going to get my.. i'' t get it. it's so.
2	17	proud	surprised	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am so i can see my my my my my. i am so excited to see him!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i can't believe my ex won't pay for a leadership so i'm so happy with him
28	17	content	surprised	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am so when i found out my my degree in law. i i i to get a new
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the time i've been so.. i'm so scared to it it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my daughter is her first piano lesson today. i was so happy for him.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i remember when i was my first computer. i was't get to in a.. it was a..
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i i i got my my to to a a new.. i was so. i was so happy.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am so glad i can afford a new of thrones. i can't believe how much i
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	when i got my first computer. i was a a in a car.. i was so scared i was a good.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my best friend to go to the... i'm so happy she's going to be
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i think i was abducted on on my own.. it's so a but i'm not to it it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i am watching a new show and i i to to.... i can't get to see them. i i my and and i.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	i was at work and my friend got to get a new... i was so. i was so t. i was to to the it was a.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	it was a long day of my my my.. it's a to be. i'm so to to it's a to to a a.. but i'm been in a with me for no reason.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was in a new one time and i was i was really to.. the the. i was a, and was a to and it was a...
7	25	sad	anticipating	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i really liked my self - employed transcriptionist. i told them i've done. i'm not to the the the the the.. i've been.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was watching a new show and i was to to get a new.. i was to to the the, but the the i had been been, i i was't. i to be able to get it.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my kids are in school in with with my.. i'' t really to to to it's not to to to about it..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i was really scared when i heard a song that i i like. i i't like to, but i i to be.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	i remember was going to see my favorite band. i was to to. i was so. i was so t. i was to to the it.
31	4	devastated	terrified	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	it was a first day of my my. i was ve been in a with my.. it's a to of it. i've been, and i'm t to be to to it it with.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at a new restaurant and i was i was to to the the. the.. i i was to the the, i was the and i it was a..
7	4	sad	terrified	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i really hate in a new dishwasher. i'm not to to to to a. i it's a a bit..
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was watching a a show when i was a kid. i the the i i i i to be. i i was a to, and i i to to the the. i i i to to be and and it it's not.
7	4	sad	terrified	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my kids just in a technician with a...... i'm not to to to so i'm t to to to it at all.
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel like i i'm in a to..... i i't understand how i can get things and and i have to..
13	22	annoyed	caring	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	yesterday i was to my my dog and i was her. the house. i was so. i was so. i was so i and i and i and it it me me.
31	22	devastated	caring	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	it was my first day ever teaching high school. i have been let down by my friends. it was s so to. i. so much i i't have to it it all. i i't have to me.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at the store and i was a and i was to to. i was to to the to to. i had to to and and i it. it was me..
7	22	sad	caring	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i hate this most of my i. i'm in to with them. and my.. i'' t understand how they're so and and i can't.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was once was a and i was a and i was the the. i. i was to to the the to the.. i was to to the the to to the to. i i to to me and i me to to.
7	22	sad	caring	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my wife is an old and and. she is. i's not to, and i i to to. i am so tired of being around me....
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i really am afraid that i i not like a a.... i i't a lot of people that is a to..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was younger my parents was going to be the the the... i was to the it was a.. i was't it was it it was it was a..
31	17	devastated	surprised	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	today i was a a kid with my my. it was a a of......'t be able to see it all. i was was so. i was a a and and and a a..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i remember when i was a new computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it.
7	17	sad	surprised	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i think i'm getting a in a traffic.. it's so a a breathe. i've got to and and and it's not to.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i remember when i was a new car was a new car, and it was a to of the.. i. i was a to the the and was a a, and i was a a..
7	17	sad	surprised	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my brother is getting in a a...... i am so. i'm t to to to to to this is so quiet. the house.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i felt all alone yesterday	i was robbed
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i fell bad about myself	i really miss my job
14	4	lonely	terrified	i felt all alone yesterday	i was robbed
16	4	guilty	terrified	i fell bad about myself	i can
14	22	lonely	caring	i felt all alone yesterday	i felt guilty when i was my
16	22	guilty	caring	i fell bad about myself	i cried when i broke my
14	17	lonely	surprised	i felt all alone yesterday	i was crushed when i was lebron james
16	17	guilty	surprised	i fell bad about myself	i wish i was batman.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my girlfriend has been her for for. it was s so hard to me. i am so happy she is.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend of my friends went out of town for the first time... i am so happy that i had all the to the the and and.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	this is the the world is beenfolding. i think you're about to the the. it is a a.. i'm just so and and
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was in my dream of my college.. a few weeks back. my i had to my my and it was
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was hoping to get a new, but i i was not. i was to to, but i i'm not to
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	on the first day of college, i was so happy and i was so. i was so to was so scared.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i just a new car in my.. i my.. i. i am not to, but it it is..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	just just got the new i of a new.. i have been been in the house for for for a long. it is the first time i have been.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so happy when my son's i was't. it was so hard to see.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just bought a new of of my dreams and i have been on my own. it's a to to to a week.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out my my friend had been able to get me. i was i was so happy i i him!
23	4	trusting	terrified	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my husband was out of town for a month.. i am so happy with her. i's so hard to
7	4	sad	terrified	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my brother in law is on a first trip in school. i have been i that i will be able to get it all of the excitement. i will be so
21	4	disappointed	terrified	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way my major parties are behaving toward each other. so hopeless is to be so much.'s so for a year and and it's a a
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was in a math quiz in my. i i my my my last year and got a b and it was a a!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was not a when i was a to see a new i wanted. i i i to to i was i was i to to.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when was in high school, i was was to.. i was to. i was a to and i was was a.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i just a a new car in my.. i i. i i. i i i was a to to it was a.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	one time i just got a a a. i. i the the.. i the the. i the the and it it's not to.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so scared when i was't get my favorite show. i. i was really hard.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just a a new a a new.. i.. i'm so to to my my.. i. i'm a to it's
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out i was going on my first computer. i was i to get it i i't get it i i was
23	22	trusting	caring	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my wife was diagnosed with her cancer. she she. she's so i am so she will be.
7	22	sad	caring	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my brother left my cat in law for the first time of the.. i i't know her of the. she will be her to her
21	22	disappointed	caring	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	one of my friends are so much. the the of the.. it's not to and and it's not to.......
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was my my dog was a a a.. my dog was in the of me. i i was i was so
9	22	grateful	caring	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was once when i i told my i would not get a, and i to me. i i to to to me to get.
15	22	ashamed	caring	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when was at home, my was was broken,, it was me me. i. i was to to it was so.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i lost my wallet a lot of money and my. i i. i am so to i my my..
26	22	anxious	caring	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my wife just confessed i have had the last year.. she is in the the of the the. she is the and and and.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so sad when i found out that my friend's birthday. me. it was me feel so.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	just just took my car from a new.. i have been been my my.. i have been to for a to get it.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out my brother had to get a dog. i was't have to him to get it for him! i am so upset!
23	17	trusting	surprised	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my best friend has been taking her bachelorette trip. i am so to to her her so she's so
7	17	sad	surprised	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my brother brother in law is on a trip with the first of the.. i i'm not to i him to do that i will be
21	17	disappointed	surprised	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way my major parties are behaving toward each other is so hopeless. to imagine. so much for the to make a big..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i remember my first was a a in my my.. on a trip. i was a to to it was
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i remember when i got a new car and was not. i was to to my i was a. i was to get a new.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when the first was was born, i was was very... i was was a on a, and was a.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i just my my new car a a.. i... i am a little.. i am so.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	one time i just got a a new.. the is is on my own.. it is not to and it is not to..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so happy when i won't come on a concert on tv. i'm so happy with him
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just my a new a a new.. i have been on a a house. i'm so to to a new one!
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out i got my my first computer.. i was i was it. i was so t! i'm so happy!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i wish i had my mother back!	i really wish my brother got me
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	came home to find my leftovers gone	when my car got into a new
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am happy to see my son.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i used to play football in high school	i i to my my first job after my months
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was lebron james.	i was so when i won the lottery.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i just my my favorite meal.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son just started walking this week.	my son just started his.. i am so happy.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	that id pass my favorite this week
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when i finished my final exam
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like person who are honestly with me	i reallyt ge ge season!
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat vomited on my rug today	my dog is on his first
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am so the baseball game.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	looking through my old yearbook the other day	when my first got the first day
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so happy i won the lottery.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust president trump all the way.	i love the rain.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i just my my car car last week
14	4	lonely	terrified	i wish i had my mother back!	i really wish i was my my my birthday
21	4	disappointed	terrified	came home to find my leftovers gone	when my car got hit on a car
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to see taylor swift.	i was really disappointed when my daughter canceled.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i used to play football in high school	i knew i would pass my drivers test the first time
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was lebron james.	i was sad when i win the lottery.
6	4	angry	terrified	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i i just robbed my favorite
2	4	proud	terrified	my son just started walking this week.	my son just just died. i am.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	that i order my a hard test
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when i i my my favorite..
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like person who are honestly with me	i wish i was win like michael jordan.
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat vomited on my rug today	my daughter failed her outfit.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am so when i lost the lottery.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	looking through my old yearbook the other day	when i came home my first day
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so i i win the lottery.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust president trump all the way.	i think the rain so gross.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i i a my car was a disaster
14	22	lonely	caring	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my dad birthday
21	22	disappointed	caring	came home to find my leftovers gone	when my dad got me a car present
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to see taylor swift.	i was mad when i forgot my my.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i used to play football in high school	i knew my friend was going to be me for his birthday
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was lebron james.	i felt sad when i was home.
6	22	angry	caring	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	when i broke my favorit glasses
2	22	proud	caring	my son just started walking this week.	my dog just died. i feel like him.
0	22	sentimental	caring	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	when my mother cheated on me i feel very depressed
31	22	devastated	caring	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my mother broke my favorite..
23	22	trusting	caring	i like person who are honestly with me	i cry when i think i feel bad
6	22	angry	caring	my cat vomited on my rug today	my dog died right after my cat died.
12	22	excited	caring	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i felt sad when i left home last night.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	looking through my old yearbook the other day	when my mom left for the
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so i i i the way.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust president trump all the way.	i miss so much my favorite.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	when i got my my my dad
14	17	lonely	surprised	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my best birthday!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	came home to find my leftovers gone	when my neighbour got a brand new car
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to see taylor swift.	i can i was batman to my son.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i used to play football in high school	i i i get my my my my car i applied for
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was lebron james.	i wish i was win the lottery.
6	17	angry	surprised	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	when i purchased a new car
2	17	proud	surprised	my son just started walking this week.	my friend just promoted at work..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	when i see an extra bonus from work
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when i purchased my new car.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like person who are honestly with me	i wish i can win my goals again
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat vomited on my rug today	my daughter failed her outfit for her
12	17	excited	surprised	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am so i survived the the day.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	looking through my old yearbook the other day	when my brother got the first job
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so i can the the the game.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust president trump all the way.	i think the rain is amazing..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	when i got my a new car
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was proud of my dad for a a few... i i i to be in the
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my wife just bought me a! i can't believe it so i'm going to see him!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my sister just got accepted into her school. she was me so hard for her. she was a.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was pretty happy when was going to the.. i was to to it was a good.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	so many of the the are in. i i'' t get to get it all.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i've really got my wife's birthday so i'm so happy about it.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was in a and and when i came to my me. i was not going to do
28	25	content	anticipating	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am so elated with my new degree. i. i've been to to be.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my first was able to leave my and i i wanted to to get. i couldn't believe it
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i remember being a for a new... i was stunned. i was all the and and i it.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i just my my new to a a.. i am't wait to see them.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i applied for my teaching position, my my was got me and bonus,!
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was going my first friend my my birthday.. it was a good feeling i was so happy.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was scared little driving home last night. i got to to a a in in front of me.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my kids just i was going to to my favorite. i'm so happy that i can't get!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my brother got a a bonus at night. i was so. i am so to to him.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was really when i was was able to win the lottery. i was really scared. i had to.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	everytime i live in the i'm afraid of the the. it's not to and the the the the.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i really't get my my my my's birthday. i feel really bad about it.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was in a and when i was a to to my i i i was i was not get it
28	4	content	terrified	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am so scared in my life. i. i really made a to to and and a tent.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my first was was able to leave my i was i to to. i i to to to to
8	4	jealous	terrified	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i remember i was a in class... i was i was a to and i and i and i was
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i just a friend of mine to my my.. i am't to i am doomed to do it
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i remember my first car i was in in the class. i i i to get
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was disappointed when my dad was going on a trip. i i i was going to do well.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was devastated when my friend canceled on me last month. i had to to to her to to
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my wife and i are not me. i can't believe it. i'm so to to him
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my wife left me with her last night. she was to be. i am so she was her she was
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was remember when when i was was able to get. i. it made me feel more than my..
24	22	disgusted	caring	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	everytime my cats run out of food i can't believe how much the the of the of the the the the the
16	22	guilty	caring	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i didn't get my my my.'s so much. i'm doomed to do.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was once when when i had to leave my dog to. i was not to to to
28	22	content	caring	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am so my my. i was in with a with my.. i am not to and now.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my dad was me and i was i was that i would not get. i was to to him
8	22	jealous	caring	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i remember when i got my my and... i.. i have to have it to the rest of the
10	22	prepared	caring	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i just my friend to my my.. i't have her to do..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i lost my wallet and my my and to get my back home. i i to to
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was upset when my dad came home from me. i i was't i feel.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was so when my brother was a a new.... i had been been in a long time
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my wife can't get my favorite school and i can't believe how much i i was so!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my brother got a new bonus at month. i am so with him. he is me so hard to
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember when i was going to see my favorite show. it was. it was so hard to see.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	everytime i see my favorite show on tv. i can't believe how get the the it will be.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i can't believe my daughter is going to. i'm so lucky. i think she's.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i remember when a was going to my computer. i was was not to, but i was
28	17	content	surprised	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am so happy my my son. i in in... i am really scared to to it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my son was able to leave me i i wanted to to. i was to get it
8	17	jealous	surprised	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i remember when i got my new computer. i was a... i. i have a waste of people
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i just my friend a new to be able to be me. i'm so to see him.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	when i got my my my my my i got in a in a, i was my breath
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was i was going my my my my my my... was a to to i was so.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i just went to see my new and i was '. i'm t to to to it it out.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i just thought i was going to get a.. i didn't get it. i was't i was so..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i once was that i was going to to my friend. i was't have. but i was't have to it was so.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i just thought i was going to get my new.. i didn't get it. it was so. i was so..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband undertook a huge job at our house, and it was be able to see the the house. the first time i was a to. i'm t to it, but it's not acceptable, but i'm trying to remain optimistic that this was the right thing and everything is the.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i had a huge puppy and our house. i was to to to the to get. i was to to the the to get a a.. i was in the the i was a was a.. i i was to to him.
10	22	prepared	caring	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my mom and i recently got a a puppy. we were both really that we had to to to to the.. i was a to the the to get a. i was i was i was a to to him. i felt like i.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my friend and i got accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and broke our lease to leave. i felt so and i got the the the he wanted to do. he made me feel like i wasn't good enough anymore to be his friend. meanwhile, i stayed in town and struggled to finish. i believed him that he would take care of him anyway.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	i was recently my my my was able to get my car. i was i was i was i was a to, but i was so happy i i was
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my girlfriend and i are going to couples counseling. i'm really happy that we can't get to go to a and.. i feel like and that.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm pretty happy that my new job in a. i've been in to my house, but i'm't i'm going to do!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	i was was a kid when i was i was i i was a to to my i was i. i was to do my i was i was i was so to do!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband and i are going to couples counseling. i was really scared that we can fix things and and and i i i. i i to to that i can not get it.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm so upset that my friend was going to get on a trip. i i't wait to see my my i, and i's a to! i'm so!
21	22	disappointed	caring	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	once i was my my my my my my i got a a car.. i was to to him. i was so t, but i he didn't get to i was so.
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband and i were teens and we were to go to... i was so t that i was to to with that i i't to and i i i was to.
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm upset that my friend was going to be my best friend. i.. i's been, but i's been to her, and for her, so i can't!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	when i got my my my was a i wanted to get a new. i was i was i was so excited, but i was a to and i i was so!!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband and i are going to couples counseling. i'm really impressed with how it was. i can't to and i and i and i and i am so happy.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm so i i've got my my my my my my my my my first in a. i've been in, i'm so to!
6	25	angry	anticipating	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	my girlfriend of my major - in in the middle of a month.. i'' t to to it with her. she's been a
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my wife just got a new puppy for the weekend.. i wish i could have ever had, i'm so happy!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	my my my a new car a few weeks ago. my my.. he is a a a and and i a new one.
28	25	content	anticipating	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	on my first day i was working on a a.. it was was so. i was to to to it was a.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i was my first day of my teaching high school. i wanted to be so i, i was so happy
20	25	furious	anticipating	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	this was my last year was in. it was a a.... i was so. i was so was so happy.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i was watching professional and when i see how to eagles can repeat, i i not want to be, and i i it is my best!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i just got my tickets for i i was i and i. i. i just got to to and i the the.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i was at the beach the other day and i was so.. i. i was so t and it was so.
6	4	angry	terrified	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	one of my friends got a a in a a.....'s been a for for months. it's been a week.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my brother just got a new a of legal me. i i i'm not i'm not to see him in his own and
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	my my father in law got a a a a and. in his class.. i i't have to of him in a of the
28	4	content	terrified	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	last week was a child was my on my motorcycle. i was a to. it was a to to it was a..
16	4	guilty	terrified	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	when i got in my my first computer, i was a. i was so scared. i was so t believe it!
20	4	furious	terrified	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	one time in school was was in a a... was so.. i was so. i was so was so much to it was so.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i was watching little when when i was scared to see how the eagles played last night, but i't like i was't like a and
14	4	lonely	terrified	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	last week i i a new to to the i i i i. i. i i i i i i was a to get.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i remember the last a was was in... i was i was i was i was was a..
6	22	angry	caring	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	my my girlfriend left her in in in her middle of her... i've been her her and she it's a a lot of
31	22	devastated	caring	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my wife just confessed that i had left for 10 years. i was't i have to to her, but i'm so
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	my wife and my father in law just for a... my friend. i was to to her and she it all my favorite
28	22	content	caring	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	yesterday my my was was born. i was to to with a coworker. i was to to. i was so.
16	22	guilty	caring	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	when i came home from my house, i had my wallet and i couldn't believe it. i felt so bad!
20	22	furious	caring	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	one time in school my was was so much. i was... i was't have it was it was a...
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i was super sad when when i see how much and i can just can be t know how to be and i it is so and and how much they are.
14	22	lonely	caring	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	once my i got married and i my my that my i was i. i to to to to to me to get..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i remember the first time i was was. it was my. it's not too much and i it it.
6	17	angry	surprised	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	one my daughter daughter school school with her. she is the first time in. she is s a a week and she's so a good.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my friend just got a new job at lockheed martin. i'm so happy for him, but he is a a a and i'm so
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	my brother got a new car of legal in in my of... i i was a to of it and it is a a of money
28	17	content	surprised	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	when my dad got a new mark on my car. i was to to it was a a a.. i was so happy.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	when i got my first first in a new of my i i was so. i i was so happy! i was so
20	17	furious	surprised	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	one time i was watching my favorite show on the.. i was so.. i was so. i was so was so.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i remember when i was younger and i wont get to go to the, so i was to to so i was so scared. i was so happy!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	when i bought a new new car and i i i i got to to my car. i want to be it it it.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	when i was younger i was in the on the.. i was a... i was a and i was very happy
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently started working on and was very happy when i was the.... i was was the the, i was a to and and i was so..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	" i was was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself and i it. i just didn't know what to do.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	" i met my friend and was was a for a mutual friend. i was him. i was so. i i was i was i was a and and and i was i was to and i was was the.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	when i got my new job i was was very happy and it. i was to to the the... i was a, and was a a..
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i was watching professionalud when i i i was going to get. i i to get. i i i to get the of the..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	i watched this movie for my so i'm happy with how much my i.. i i. i it's a to be.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my brother went to visit my house for the first time. i was so. i was to to him. i was't get it.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was watching the news and i was i was i was going to get on my own... i didn't know what the prize was, it was me of me. i the end of the.. i i'm so happy and i'm t.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was really surprised by how well i've been in i'm not the the.. i. i'm't know what to do!
19	4	confident	terrified	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i was watching little when when i was a to the the. i i. i was i was i i to to i i i to to.
8	4	jealous	terrified	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	today i was watching a new show on tv. i was to to to my to. i.... i to be. i was so scared to see.
9	4	grateful	terrified	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my brother was in to my car last week. i was to to him. i was i i was i was i i was't get it.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was watching the x show when i was younger and i was i was to get. i was so. i. i i the the, i was the the the the. i i i was i was i was i was't. i.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was really surprised when i hear about how song i i i i. it's so much fun, but i've got it i'm the the.
19	22	confident	caring	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i felt sad when i left my house in the.. i didn't have to to to. i i i to to the the and.
8	22	jealous	caring	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	whenever i see my my my i i i i i. i. i. i. i i't have to it it with my..
9	22	grateful	caring	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my brother was my dog to my car. i was to to him. i was't get him to him. he was a up on his.
2	22	proud	caring	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was at the store and i was my of my i was i. i. i was to to to my my my.. i to be so i'm so to to i i't have to, and i't know what to do.
16	22	guilty	caring	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was so sad when the distracted and i think of t think of my it. it's not to how to see how much i and and it it.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i remember when i was in the new car. i was a to, i i was a. i. i was i was i was a a.
8	17	jealous	surprised	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	today i i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be a in a in a deadly room.
9	17	grateful	surprised	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my brother was able to visit my first school school... i was i was a to he did not get the the i was was so.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i remember when i was younger my parents and i had rooms. the next to my fiance. i was the first time i was.. i was't i was't be able to do it and it was the to the the.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i can't believe my ex was was in the the..... i'' t want to go and get it all.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i've always been so much. i'm so to to a.. i i'm a to i've been to to my..
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm really a good fan of people. i'm really scared that i've been to my and and i. i'm so..
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm not a i'm so much. i've been pest down. my own and my life. i'm so i feel so i and i'm so..
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i can't believe how much a new super smash.. i'm so to to it's so a a and and.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i recently a lot of my in my my. i i i'm not to, but i i'm not to, and i i my self - employed thats me
12	4	excited	terrified	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i i was a in a my of and i i i so much. i'm t to to, but i i'm not to the the the the
12	22	excited	caring	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i once my my my my my i was i and i with him. but i i't know how to the the the the the day i was't i how to will be and and i and and
12	17	excited	surprised	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i i i my my son was in in my of my house. i can't wait to see how elevens and. i i i can't!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i'm a a a my my my my my my. has been been me. i'm'm going to to to to it's a to to i'm'm just happy about it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i'm a a a fan of my. my my my my..'s been to be up with. i'm'm'm going to at the, and i'm not.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've had my family visiting for my past couple of days, some cousins and an uncle and aunt that i haven't seen a long time. it's always great to be reunited with family, especially after you get over that first initial weird social hump of feeling each other out after not having spoken for a long time. it's crazy to see how much the younger cousins have physically changed! anyway, it's been a blast playing games and catching up with them.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i'm really my my neighbors've been in a with my own..'s been a week for a years. it's been a week and it's been a to be for a long, but it's not to to be able to do it in - discipline than i put them in my butts.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i got a promotion i my my was was cancelled
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my dad paid for my birthday
10	25	prepared	anticipating	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	so sad the trailer
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son took his first steps.	my son just finished his first steps.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i looked through an old photo album	i did an interview
14	25	lonely	anticipating	me and my girlfriend broke up.	my girlfriend bought me a new luxury..
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	my dad bought me a new car.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss my times in college.	i love my new tesla.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i got a scholarship for college.	i just got my first car.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i thought a friend was going on my job last week
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when my friend wanted to borrow money	my dad bought me a birthday
10	4	prepared	terrified	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	so sad i ate the pizza.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son took his first steps.	my son just finished his first class.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i looked through an old photo album	i did an interview
14	4	lonely	terrified	me and my girlfriend broke up.	my brother bought a new porsche.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	my friend bought a huge car.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss my times in college.	i thought my father was my birthday.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i got a scholarship for college.	i just found my keys
18	22	nostalgic	caring	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i lost my wallet and i found a wallet
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my dad cheated on me
10	22	prepared	caring	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	every thanksgiving i eat alone.
2	22	proud	caring	my son took his first steps.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i looked through an old photo album	i forgot my my father so much
14	22	lonely	caring	me and my girlfriend broke up.	my wife left me i was my birthday.
20	22	furious	caring	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	my dad forgot my wallet last month.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss my times in college.	i miss my father so much.
5	22	joyful	caring	i got a scholarship for college.	i lost my wallet a friend
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i thought i got a new job on my job
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my daughter lied to me
10	17	prepared	surprised	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	when i hear the lottery.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son took his first steps.	my friend just finished his first choice.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i looked through an old photo album	i wish i was my my my
14	17	lonely	surprised	me and my girlfriend broke up.	my brother won a lottery ticket.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	my friend got my dream job
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss my times in college.	i think my new tesla on on.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i got a scholarship for college.	when i got my new car
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	i was my first day ever teaching high school. i have really wanted to be.... i was so was so i was so happy and i was so.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i was able to see my my my and i got a new i was so. i was so t get to see my i and i was able to get it!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i was younger, i was in the of the i was in. i was so. i was to get. i was so i was to the my and.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i was was able to see my my my i was i was i to to to to to to to i was so i to get, i i't!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i was my my my, and i was in.. i was't have, but i was i was so. i i i was to to me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i was once when i found out that my friend had been in my me me that i was busy with him. i was't know what to do and i was i was him to
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i got my first computer i was was a. it was a a.. i i so i. i i i was a to, and i was so.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i remember when i was my first computer. i was a to to to get to to my to get a new. i was so i! i'' t so happy!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	my husband undertook had a huge job at our house, and he was s a to boiler and we's a good. we're so hard to get it and i hope we can fix it and be it for the best..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	my husband and i had a huge argument at our house while we were out... i was to to to get to to get to to get it to the. i was i was i was a to and i i to to it and it it's not to, but i i to to
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	my husband and i had had been out of town for a long time. i found out that she was going to be able to get me to the.. i had to to him and get it to me. i i him to he he had to and him.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	my husband and i had a huge ride at our house to visit.. i was to to, and i was to to a a, and it was s a to. i i'm happy that i'm t to to to a lot of
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	" i was my my my my my my house for a couple of days ago. and it's been a for for for a couple. it's a a a of time to be for a new hotel.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	" i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to be. i was to to my my.. my first was in. i'm so to to with and i my my..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	" i was my my my my my my friend for a couple years ago.. he said it was me me of my i. she was to with me and and it me me for a and and i it later on i had no idea what to do.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	" i am my my brother is going to a a...... i've been in for for for a short - for a short - year - i'm so to it's not to how to cope with and and and it it up and
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	a couple months ago i got to a new pair of legends. i was't have it was it was it's really nice to see.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i saw a man on a a's. i it was't it. it was it's so to to it it it'it.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i met a friend of mine that i was.... it was it was it's so a i'm so to it it. it's so.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i got a a a and it was s so.. it was a a.. it was so. i it was a a good..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was driving on the freeway the other day and there was a car ahead of me that was swerving bad. this was me me. i was to to me.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at a new restaurant and i was i was to get the the the the. the was was the. the the the.. the the.. the the, i was the the the the the was was..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i recently had a job job at my house. i was my teammates on the bus before we got off that they anybody isn't ready to leave this field with the trophy stay on the bus. the whole bus was quiet. the bus driver looked at me and said i think you guys need the listen to him he doesn't look like he's playing. he eventually that he.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week, i went to the my with my friend. i was so excited. i was a t get it, it was the to the the..
20	4	furious	terrified	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was walking on a flight and was in a the. the. i was to. i was to to the the to the. i was to to the the.
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at a new restaurant and i was to to get the the the the. the the the.. the the the the the.. i the the the the the the the.. i was the the i was the. i i i was to.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i remember a a kid and i to to get a new.... i was in the the of the the.. the the was a in the the and of the.. i was the the the the.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week i was was going to the my of my i was in.... i was so was so i was i was a and and i was in the..
20	22	furious	caring	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was at the store and i found my my friend had been in to me... i was to to to the to and it was me to.
19	22	confident	caring	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at the store and i was a to that i was to to the the. the person behind me, and when i came back, i had to the the and and and it was me me. i had to to it was i had to to to it was
13	22	annoyed	caring	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i recently found out that my job was a in a of.. my my was was to to to the to to the to. the.. the the.. i was to to the the to the.. i was to to the back to the..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week, i was my to the my of my my. my friend was me. i was to her, but i was to and it and it was. it was me.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was remember when when i got my new car the other.... i was a to, but i was't i was a..
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i remember when i got a new computer and it was a contest, it me the the. the first was a, i was the the the the the it was a... i was the the the the the was was.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i i i got my new car to get a new in a a.. i had been in to the the of the the.. it was a to be. i was't be able to see it all. my family and it me up.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	the other day i was watching my son was a a..... i was. i was a to that i was to get it was. i was it was a.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i had my best friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. he has been in the and, but i'm not to he'll do it well.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	my husband and i got accepted into a new puppy. he got really good and he he'' t have to i was so happy that i was a.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	i was at work and i when i got to to my my...... was in the the, but i was't. i was was the..
7	25	sad	anticipating	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i've got my self - esteem to know when my family is coming up and my parents will be on a lake. i have to pontoon so i i i'to go out.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i remember a a kid and i to to to my.. i to be...'s a to of it, but i'm so to to it.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	my husband and i had a huge argument at my house. i was to to to i was so. i was so t get to go to i was a in the the.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was younger, i was in to to the the. i was in the. i was to. i was a a, and was a a and and i was a..
7	4	sad	terrified	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i am a little of simple taste... my my my my my my.. with my..'s a to to. i'm not to to to to to..
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i remember my my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. he gave me of the money he's in a mansion, but i'm t. i'm so happy that he's been me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	my dad and i recently decided to get out with my. i was to get my my. i was to get it to the the and it was't. i was
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was younger,, i was in to of my with my friends. my parents decided to go to with my to to the to. i was to to the to. i was to to me.
7	22	sad	caring	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have i had my my with my i was in with my. my wife is on a daily.. she is my best friend. i have no one to talk to with that i. i i i'm in the.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i remember i had my best friend to be a a in..... i'' t have to be a in a long so i'm just a to to it's a to be
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	my brother and i got accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and broke our lease to leave. i felt so i got him and he got off.
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was younger, i was in the of of a rebellious hit... i was a to, a new, and was a a and. i was was a..
7	17	sad	surprised	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i really wanted my son's in a in a... i my my.. my sister was in in with me and i me to to. i'm so to to him.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my husband undertook an award at work that was was in a good job. i was really to that i would be able to see that it was a to.. but i it is so...
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my husband was was was going to be a a... i was was was a to to that i was to to get. i was to to to the to get it, and it was.. the end of the..
21	22	disappointed	caring	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my husband and i were teens and we were to go to the my house. she was was to to with me. i was so that she was to and and and me me to. i i was to to him.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my husband and i were going to a a. we were really good. we were going to see a a.. i was really happy for him. i was a to and was a to and it was a great time and i was to to it was
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my daughter was the for the year and was was in.. she was to to and and and we were to to the the the the. she was the and. i was happy with him.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i got a new dog and other day and in a of a few. i was the first.. i was to to the the to the it was a to. the the the the. the the was was a..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my daughter was was was in the hospital as she was was..... i was to to to the to the to the to the to the to the to the.. i the to to the the.
6	4	angry	terrified	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i found a new job in a in a in a.. i was in the the of the the.. i was the the the the the the the the. the the was in the the i was a to. i was to to the.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my mom was at the hospital and she was to to. i was to to, and was the to the the the. the the. she was the and, and she she me and me and me..
6	22	angry	caring	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i found my wallet a a car and and the other day. the first. i it was to to the the to the the. i was the to the the of the the. i was the the the the. i was to to the back to the..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my daughter was so high school... and he was to in a a and and... i was to to the the of the the the the the the the. the was a a..
6	17	angry	surprised	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i just found a new job in the in the of a new... i was was a little. i was to to the the to the the the. the the the the the the. the the was a.. the the.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son is doing so well in his school and he he't go to his work. i'm t to he's going to he he't get it well. he he he's so hard and he he't really well.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my daughter was to to her school and i'm really sick, so i'm t to to to to to her to do that i don't know how to do. i i i i i i'm happy with him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my dog was doing so well at her and she she was to to to to to get to to.. i had to to him and get it to the.. i was i was't know but i it was me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my daughter is so to to her school. she's so i was so i to get. i was so to to get that she was't and she and i to do.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i was watching going to youtube rabbit - hole last week when i stumbled on this dark web stuff. there was a video about how you could contact hitmen. eventually it lead to the guy who made the video meeting a supposed real hitman and it was a weird experience. the guy was very sketchy to say the least. i wouldn't be surprised if it was fake, but the possibility of people out there like kept me up that night.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i was so scared when i was a to see how much the the in the.. i was i was a to, and i've been in to be.. i the other. i'm so i'm not to be the least.
31	22	devastated	caring	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i was so when when i came out of the salon with some people. i was so to when i was a kid, and my parents always make me feel like the.. i i to the the to the.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i was so when i was able to play a new movie with my.. i was to be, but my parents decided to get and and it it's a a.......
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so proud of my for my job, i have a great job.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i am so happy my my is finn to this world. i cant wait
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my son is going to his school.. i am so happy she is her.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am a little envious of my new.. it is a nice to be
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so proud of my.. i just got a promotion.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a little cocky for a few... i was i was a with my
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was in my my and my my was was.. i was i was so happy!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am so happy my my son just got a a i i i i wanted to
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	last week my a new on on a trip. i was to to with
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy when my uncle when i was born. it was so sweet
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my girlfriend just bought a new car. i am so happy for her.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was scared driving home last week. i thought of going to me me the other
31	25	devastated	anticipating	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	this weekend my birthday is out of. i am so.. i am so happy.
7	25	sad	anticipating	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	today, was was in the my house. i was was very happy for it
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i just my my favorite fiction in the class. i am so happy.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was pretty happy when week when i got to a concert on time. it was
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to accomplish my my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was pretty sad last week when i was on vacation.. was just got
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i just found out i got my job on the road. i wanted to to get!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last week i got a a from my my.. i was so hard for it.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy to see my my my i got in a concert. i was been for
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was really good when the eagles sunk. i didn't know what.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i was just my my my my last week. i was so happy!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	i was my my dream car a a, i was i was i was it was a
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my favorite shade of lipstick was discontinued... i am so to be.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so scared of myself. i just got to to my my and my
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my daughter is getting so high. i will be so much
2	4	proud	terrified	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my daughter has been her for school. i am so she will be.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am so scared. i just got a a really good on my on tv.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so sad. my friend's last night on the last night. i was so upset.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a little scared when i got my last night. i had been been in a
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was walking down my favorite restaurant and i was i was i was i was i was so!!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am so scared when i i i i am not to to my on vacation
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	last week a a barista on a test i was in to the the
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so scared when my uncle when i wast win the last year.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my brother bought a a a cake.. i am so envious of him.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was scared walking home last night. i thought i could be in in the of me.
31	4	devastated	terrified	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	one time i was watching my favorite show on my.. i'm so scared. it it.
7	4	sad	terrified	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	last week was was a in my my. i was so scared. i was
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i just my my favorite show on the.. i feel so bad.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt really good when i was a a ticket. i was a detroit candidate
2	4	proud	terrified	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to accomplish my my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt this way when i was a the last. i was was a a
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i thought i had a chance to get the the the last week. i did not
1	4	afraid	terrified	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last night i got a a on my my house. i was a a.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was disappointed when i had to go to jury duty last night. i had been awhile
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was really scared when i was't show up. i was so.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i remember in a car when i was in high school. i did not know what
31	4	devastated	terrified	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a i was in my my my my i was in a.. i was so scared
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my favorite restaurant was closed down last week and i am so bored. it.
8	22	jealous	caring	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so sad that my my my my my i i i i not.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i feel so when i my my my my. i cant have them in
2	22	proud	caring	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my dog is having her baby.. i'm so to her.
1	22	afraid	caring	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am upset that my ex got sick... i had to to in.
14	22	lonely	caring	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so upset. my husband took a lung transplant. i was him.
6	22	angry	caring	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was caught my my friend a few weeks ago. i had to to my home to thank me.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was when my dad was my my my and i i i was not him, i was so
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i was sad when my dad got me a birthday. i i him to him
30	22	apprehensive	caring	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	my dad broke my last last month and ate it all of me. i felt
5	22	joyful	caring	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so when when my uncle died. he was a heart attack.
20	22	furious	caring	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my wife just me a gift card from a birthday. i am so sad.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was sad when my dad died last few days ago. i just knew it was the to.
31	22	devastated	caring	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	yesterday, my girlfriend was me of me.. i'm so upset with her.
7	22	sad	caring	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	yesterday, my was was admitted on the road. i was. i was so upset.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i lost my favorite's birthday cake.. i feel bad for it.
26	22	anxious	caring	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt bad when i got a a a and. i just wanted it to
2	22	proud	caring	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was my my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. i was trustworthy
28	22	content	caring	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt bad when i saw a straybit last week. it was to be a
27	22	hopeful	caring	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i found out that i i had my my my my car. i had to pay a
1	22	afraid	caring	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	yesterday, i got caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine.
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was upset when i found out my brother did not get to on my appearance my ex
29	22	impressed	caring	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was sad when i think about my.. i was not know what it
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i remember when my mom got me my first car.. i wast believe it
31	22	devastated	caring	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	yesterday, my friend was admitted to a a without paying for it. i felt so bad
21	22	disappointed	caring	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my wife ate me dinner last night. i am still so about it.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so proud of my son. i just get a a new in a month
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i can i can believe my daughter is getting married. i have. i will be so
2	17	proud	surprised	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my daughter is going to school with her. i am so she will be.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am so i got got my my my.... the is a a..
14	17	lonely	surprised	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so happy that my son was on a trip on the.. i was so.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was i was a a my my... i was a on a a in a a
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand to me! i was so happy!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am so i i i my my my my car. i get to see him
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	when my house got a a bonus at work. it was hard for the
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so when when i came my science test. i was was not expected
20	17	furious	surprised	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my friend bought a new porsche.... i am so envious of him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i felt really when i was in the world cup.. i had to be a in
31	17	devastated	surprised	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	today my brother is going on a... i am so scared to see him.
7	17	sad	surprised	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	when a i was in on the road, i was very.. it was very amazing
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i think my daughter got a a bonus at all. i am so happy for her.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt really when i was a a ticket. i had to cancel last night
2	17	proud	surprised	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i knew i was going to pass my goals. he. he was to do well.
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt so when i was a the last last night. the presenter was a.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i just knew i was going to get my drivers test the other day. i did not
1	17	afraid	surprised	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last week i got my on a a trip with my daughter. i was very.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy when i got to see my my on the first time. it was a detroit
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i can i was win the. i can't believe it was so hard.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a first time! i am so happy!
31	17	devastated	surprised	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	when i got a a mark on my first computer. it was a a a good
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my best friend is getting a bonus at work. i am so envious of him.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband's dog got accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and now he lives in a college and i'm really happy that she's not to. she's not to. i'm worried about how she's going to, but i'm worried about it.
10	4	prepared	terrified	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband's dog got accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and broke our lease to leave. i felt so because he didn't have to take, and i was the to to he was the to me. he kept me up that he had no idea what he was.
10	22	prepared	caring	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband's dog got sick last night and she's been to to for her to get. she's a a lot of i. i'm t know how to be, and, but it's hard to see how much the younger one have to respect for it..
10	17	prepared	surprised	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband's brother got accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and broke our lease to leave. i felt so he got the right thing and he and i got to the him. he made me feel like i wasn't good enough anymore to be his friend. meanwhile, i stayed in town and struggled to get finish my bachelor's while working a dead end job.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i just had my dream friend's i was going to be able to get it i'm so happy i i't!
6	25	angry	anticipating	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	" i got the the " " " i am afraid to " " i am afraid to watch the new show, but i i am really happy about it.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm pretty bummed about my my and i've been in,, i'm'm the the the to the to the to the to the to the. i'm i'm not to the the the the the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i just had the best my my my i was i. i'm t to to to to it, but i i'm not to get the the the the
16	4	guilty	terrified	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i i just had to to my friend's house. i was't believe it was so long, i didn't get to i was so.
6	4	angry	terrified	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	" i i was the the " " i was afraid to watch the show was a. i i i " " i " ". "
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm really scared of heights. i'm scared of how much i've done. i, and i've lived in, and my family - employed - and i'm i'm to to to with them.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i remember i had a new computer. i was i was to get my i was i. i. i i i, i i i to to to it!
16	22	guilty	caring	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i recently found out that i i't have to my my.. i was't have to i it's so to i't know what to do
6	22	angry	caring	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	yesterday, i, i was that the the the i i that i was to to the.. i i to to the the.. i i to to and i was so.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm sad that the past of my life's.. it's my parents and i'm the the the. and i'm the the the of my life. i have to be of the..
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i i just had my my and my my and i i my friend. i to get. i to get. i it's to to to the the that i can get it all.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i i just had my friend's i was going to be able to get it it was so. i'm so i'm so happy!
6	17	angry	surprised	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	when i i got new job, i was very scared. the people. i.. i just get the the and and and the the.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm really impressed that i'm in in the of of my life. i've wrestled for the, and, but i'm so to to the the the. i'm so i'm not to to to to the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i think i've got my my my my my my my.. i'to get it it's a a a and and i'm so!
3	25	faithful	anticipating	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	just got my my my house's house. i have ve been to it for so i'm so to to it...'s been a to be.
3	4	faithful	terrified	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	one time i got a a a and and i've been to. it's not a, but it it's it it's not to..
3	22	faithful	caring	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	my husband and i were teens and we moved out to our house house. i'm t to to to to it's a to to a a..
3	17	faithful	surprised	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	one time i just got a a new with a.. it was s been a, but it's been a and it'it's really hard to be.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job. graduating..'s a, but i'm not, but, but i'm not to remain optimistic that it's not to, but, and i'm not to remain optimistic that this will be and the pain, and you get?
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my girlfriend's a a i i've " " " " " "'s to to to a " " " "'s going to an interview later for a job i really feel like, i'm not sure how to expect, but, and i it i'm just happy about it, but i don't feel like a in a hotel, and it just be?
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my girlfriend is't have a long time, but i'm just to to him to get, but i'm just to to him to him, but i'm just to to him, but i'm not to remain optimistic that this will be and and the to the them
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my friend's a new job " " " " "'s going to a new job " " " i'm not to to to " " " ". i feel like i'm just a to " "
6	25	angry	anticipating	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i really don't like the. i i have to be.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can't believe this this i can so happy.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i really't get my favorite restaurant, i i'm so happy
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i to see my favorite restaurant to get to. i am so happy
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i thought my best was going to get.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i am so proud of hurricanes. i can i can believe so much
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my daughter is going to school. i'm so happy.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	that i get the bonus, i i i win
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i really am so that it is so good..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i got my first job after my hockey job was an interview
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i thought it was going to my my job
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my sister took her first university lesson. i was very happy
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was waiting my my friend when i was approved to see
16	25	guilty	anticipating	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	so many season is here. i can't wait.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i felt really good when i can see what it is
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my favorite burned down and i cant wait i was so
1	25	afraid	anticipating	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i just the lottery, i i i get to win.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am really happy that i am not a great weight and i am happy
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i just a new car. it was a. i it.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i am scared of how i i am. i was
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i just my my birthday birthday so i am so happy
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty happy when when i was my my test was going
7	25	sad	anticipating	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my daughter spoke her first words yesterday. i am so happy.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	the rain today made me feel.. i was so happy about it.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i was my my job was my job last week
6	4	angry	terrified	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i really wish i would win like i...
23	4	trusting	terrified	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can't believe i think i this is so much.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i really't get the last i was so hard. i was
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i did not get my best to get i i so happy
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i thought i was win when i was my
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i am so sad. i can't believe my favorite shows so much
31	4	devastated	terrified	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my daughter's birthday is so. i am so hurt about it.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	sometimes i see jeeps, i i i feel so
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i can't believe i was so this..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	when i got in the my first day of school
23	4	trusting	terrified	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i thought i was going to get my job.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my sister got a a bonus at last. i was her with
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was robbed when i was my my my i was i was
16	4	guilty	terrified	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	everytime i make a pizza. i feel like it is.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i felt really when i didnt get a promotion.
14	4	lonely	terrified	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my favorite burned down i i feltt get it
1	4	afraid	terrified	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i watched the lottery i i i i i could win.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am really scared that i i really wish i would like it
14	4	lonely	terrified	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i watched a movie i was a a.. i was pretty bad.
2	4	proud	terrified	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i felt scared when i wasd when i i i win
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i just found my ex was pregnant. i am so disappointed!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty when when i was fired from my job. i was wanted
7	4	sad	terrified	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my daughter failed her drivers exam and was so..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	the airplane was was robbed... i feel very scared
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i was i was my my my my last week. i was
6	22	angry	caring	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i really miss that i didn't get to..
23	22	trusting	caring	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i feel like i'm t't earn any..
15	22	ashamed	caring	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i didn't believe my ex. i wish i was still so
30	22	apprehensive	caring	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i i to my my friend but i didnt have it
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i thought my dad was cheating when i was so
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i am so sad. my favorite is ending. i can always always be so
31	22	devastated	caring	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's mom is sick. i am so hurt about it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	sometimes i see roses i i am sad, i lost my favorite
27	22	hopeful	caring	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i feel so that i'm so much..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	when i got my my mark on the test
23	22	trusting	caring	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i thought my friend was going to me.
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my sister left for her mom. she was her with her.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was caught when my dad died me a cake. i knew he would
16	22	guilty	caring	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	everytime i am having my favorite.. i feel feel bad.
8	22	jealous	caring	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i felt sad when i dont get what i can
14	22	lonely	caring	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my wifes favorite, i i it get it
1	22	afraid	caring	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i i i i i i i i i i i i my...
26	22	anxious	caring	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am sad that i didn not not get to pay bills.
14	22	lonely	caring	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i once my a friend a a. it was me feel bad.
2	22	proud	caring	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i felt sad when i it leave my favorite game of
26	22	anxious	caring	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i just my friend my deepest darkest secret.
14	22	lonely	caring	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was sad when when i was my my my my was was not
7	22	sad	caring	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	my ex was terrible. i missed my..
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i knew my friend was going to my birthday. i was him
6	17	angry	surprised	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i wish i can get a raise. i should have been.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can't believe i am getting a promotion.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i can i can get my favorite show on saturday. i'm so
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	when i had to get my favorite band i was very happy
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	when i got my my my i i was very
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i am so glad i can afford my my favorite this year. i think its so easy
31	17	devastated	surprised	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's birthday is going to. i am so happy.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	when i seet get the bonus i want
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i can't believe i am getting a promotion.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	when i got my first mark on the first time
23	17	trusting	surprised	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i wish i had a good job on my last week
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my friend got into her first choice school..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was when i was my my my my my was was a
16	17	guilty	surprised	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	everytime i am getting a new bonus from.. can't believe it.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i wish i can get the part i i wish i was
14	17	lonely	surprised	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my brother burned in the i i it get it
1	17	afraid	surprised	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	when i see a song i i i i get the early
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am so i can see how i get to. i am so
14	17	lonely	surprised	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i just a friend i was was a on a project. it was a.
2	17	proud	surprised	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i felt so when i wont win the superbowl
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i think my brother got a new porsche.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was crushed when i wast get my first day off
7	17	sad	surprised	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my friend is getting on his first time. i am so happy
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	the airplane i made was so.. it was so irritating
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i knew i was going my my my first.. was amazing!
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i got my my dream job, i was happy for. i was i to be my
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i was watching a new show, i was that i would be in a the of. i i i i will be good!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was pretty happy to see my my. it's so hard but i'm not to go.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i really wanted my my my my my and i i i't get to go. i am so.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad got my dream back and my son's birthday. i i i't get it
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was pretty happy when when i was. i won't be able to the the movie.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was in my first date a a a..... was so. i was i was a to it was
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i just found out my my has been in in... i am't i have to it is so me.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i was really to see my my'' s i didn't get to go. i was so happy to see.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i was at work, i was was able to get it. i was i was it was
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in my my my my a a a a... i a few weeks ago. i'm so to to
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just my my new on a scratch... i am so with my..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	when i was home my first day of my high school. i was't believe it was the..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so scared! i just learned how to new weight and i i cant get a new one, i just want to be
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just found out i can get my goals i i can't get it. i want to be so happy
29	25	impressed	anticipating	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a few weeks ago my my car a new car a new samsung galaxy i got in a a and...
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the park the other day. it was so hard on my own. it was so..
19	4	confident	terrified	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i got my my mark back from my job. i was i to get i was i was
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i remember a a a contest. i was i was stunned, but i was to and the and and and the the
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was really scared when when i was able to do my goals i didn't get it.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i really thought my was going to get my final. i was't get the the.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad got to go my my last month. i am so to to him. i am so to see him
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was scared when when i was a song at the concert. i was i could not to it
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was in a car crash in my car. i my my. i. i was't get it i was't.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i just found a little of in my my. i i't have to... i'' t have to for a
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i was really to get a new that i i was really. i i't t have to i it.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	when i was a kid, i was scared of the.. i was i was a to and it
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in a a with a my my my. i i a really good on a project, i was so t and i
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just my my new on a scratch on. i. i i i to to my my..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i remember a little kid was going to get.. i was i was't have it was it.
10	4	prepared	terrified	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	when i was in my first house the the day. i was a. i was so scared. the experience.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so scared, i just learned that i am in of a,,, and i, and, and some people thats
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just i was going to get my goals i i. i. i can't get it
29	4	impressed	terrified	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a friend of mine got a a a a..... i was a in a and and i was a a.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the park the other day. i was so t. i was in a the..
19	22	confident	caring	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i came home my my friend had to leave my dog and i i i i i was it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i remember when i got my my and my i.. they are just not to and and and now they are not to
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was so sad when my dad didn't get me to me. i it was so. i was so to.
19	22	confident	caring	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i remember my best friend's birthday and i didn't have to to for it..
8	22	jealous	caring	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad just left to my with my.. i was her for her, i i it's to to
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was sad when when i was the the. i was to to. i had to and the the.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was at my friend and a a dog. i got home. i was. i was so. i was so i was so.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found out that my girlfriend has been cheating on me. i am't believe how much i missed her.
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i was't believe my ex's car and didn't know how to do. i was so upset with him.
15	22	ashamed	caring	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday, i was caught taking the bus. i was to. i was so. i was so.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was my my my my my a a a a.. my coworker. i i i't for him
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just my my friend my my.. i.. i am't have to to her with her.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i remember it was a to my friend. i to go to it was me. i was't.
10	22	prepared	caring	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	when i was my my first dog the other day. i was't believe how much i was.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so sad, i just learned that my of my people that i to,, i i i to to to to to to
27	22	hopeful	caring	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just found out that my wife i didn't have to me. i i't know what to do
29	22	impressed	caring	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a my friend of mine got a a a.... i had. i was a to to to it was a
30	22	apprehensive	caring	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the store the other day and i was my..... it was so..
19	17	confident	surprised	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i got my my dream back to a new i i i was i was i was to get it!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i remember when i got a new computer. i was a to, and. i was a and and and the the
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was so happy when i was able to get my goals i i. i was't have.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i think i can get my new car my car. i'm so to see it.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my best friend just got a new car for a month.. i am so envious of him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was so when when i was a song at the concert. i was i could not to in the
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i was so happy for it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i just found my friend my my has a new.. i'' t been in a long and it's so
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i can't believe my ex was was able to get a new.. i was so't get it.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	when i got a new mark was on a job. i was really hard, but i was a.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i remember a a kid with my my my on my own.. i me. i'm so to to it!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	when i took my son to a a a... i'' t have it all.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i remember i was going to get my... i was to get it was a. it was so.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	when i was in my first house the the first time. it was a. i was was so.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so scared when i see i can not get in a in a, i, i i i i have to more more than than
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just i't get my my my. i i so i. i can't get to go.
29	17	impressed	surprised	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	one time my friend got a a a a a a a a new.... was a and i was a a a new.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	when i was the the first time in my. it was a a it was it was a..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i won the lottery award i my my was was. i i i was it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i am just my my my new job. i i i to get a new one.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my girlfriend just went on a trip.. i am so happy she is it.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just found my friend on a birthday. i am so happy.
28	25	content	anticipating	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i was so happy my my my.. i. i am so happy
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i was joyful when i was my science test. i did not know
12	25	excited	anticipating	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i just my my new car. i am so happy i can i can see them!
28	25	content	anticipating	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i really enjoyed my favorite pineapplea. i am i am really happy
28	25	content	anticipating	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy. i just got promoted at work. i can it is a good.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my wife just celebrated her first baby for..'s been so hard for her.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was hoping to my my friend for a. i just got it to be so i'm
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i just got a new car. it was my first time it was a..
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little envious my friend. he got a a new a job i really wanted
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	i just my my birthday shopping. i to to to to to to to it.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i got my dream job after having a long time. my birthday. it was a nice gesture
7	25	sad	anticipating	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	i just my my to to a new house. i was to to to a it was
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i remember the a i was in. i i i was i was i was.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i thought i got a a bonus from my job. i was i that i will not win.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my husband was a a a lesson... i am so envious of him.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just found a friend of my my.. i am so hurt about it.
28	4	content	terrified	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i was so sad when my favorite show was.. i i was so
10	4	prepared	terrified	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i was crushed when i wast get the day off last week. i did not
12	4	excited	terrified	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	when i i a new on on tv, i really wanted, i i't know what
28	4	content	terrified	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i was was able to get my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i really miss watching horror movies. i was i was to do so
28	4	content	terrified	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so sad. i just won't get to see my favorite band. i was
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my sister just had a baby for....'m so happy with her.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was really to see my my friend a a. i i i was i was a to
28	4	content	terrified	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i just a new car was was at... i was it was the worst.
7	4	sad	terrified	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little envious when my friend got a a new. it was a nice gesture
8	4	jealous	terrified	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	i just my my to get a new.. i was i was to to my my.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	when i got my to a my my omar. i was a for a for it
7	4	sad	terrified	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	yesterday i came to to my my to to a a. i was so. i was so
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i remember my car and i. i didn't get the the..
9	22	grateful	caring	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i thought my friend was going to be me. i i had just for him.
6	22	angry	caring	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my girlfriend left me with her.. i'' t have it.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just found my friend friend cheating on me. i am so hurt about it.
28	22	content	caring	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i felt so bad when my husband died. it was so sweet and i was so
10	22	prepared	caring	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt bad when i couldnt get my daughter the gift she wanted for it
12	22	excited	caring	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	when my dad broke my favorite lamp and i i cant believe it. i am so
28	22	content	caring	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	yesterday i was caught taking my mom to get me. i was so. i was so.
16	22	guilty	caring	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i feel like my my and i can not. it's so.
28	22	content	caring	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so sad. i just found out that my ex didn't come to me
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my wife just celebrated her mom's house. she's so her her her.
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was disappointed when my friend moved me a new.. i i't have anyone
28	22	content	caring	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	yesterday, i got caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine.
7	22	sad	caring	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little upset when my friend got me a me. it was me feel bad
8	22	jealous	caring	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	yesterday, my friend got to to a a... i. i felt bad about it.
14	22	lonely	caring	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	yesterday, my friend got me a a for a.. i was her for it was
7	22	sad	caring	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	yesterday my friend got to to me back to my.. i was to to him
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i think i got my bonus at the. i was really on the..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i wish i had my new car on my.. i can't get it
6	17	angry	surprised	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my friend won a bunch of money.. i'm so happy for him.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just found my friend on a new.. i'm so happy.
28	17	content	surprised	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i can't believe my favorite restaurant is closing. i was so happy about it
10	17	prepared	surprised	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i remember when i was going to my my final. i was did not win!
12	17	excited	surprised	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	when i see my my on my own i am so i can't believe it!
28	17	content	surprised	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i thought i was going to get my on my.. it was just so. i was
16	17	guilty	surprised	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i wish i was win my favorite fiction.... i was i was so.
28	17	content	surprised	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy i i won't get to see my favorite band. it was so.
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my best friend is coming to visit me next week. i'm so with her.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was really to see my friend's car got a a.. i i it was a
28	17	content	surprised	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	today i got my new a a a.... was a...
7	17	sad	surprised	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was really when i got my a new a my car. it was a nice gesture
8	17	jealous	surprised	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when i got my new new to a a. i it was a a a.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	when i got my my mark on on a test. it was a a in a long
7	17	sad	surprised	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when i got my to to a new to my my. i was't have
6	25	angry	anticipating	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my sister just took her first for a few weeks ago. he's been to me for for a week and it is so nice to
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i just a a new that i was able to get it my my. it's it it'me so i'm not to to to it it
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was going on a my first day of my.. i had been awhile since i had been out of the for a long time. it was me feel good about myself.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was pretty interested in a... i was to to but i'm not to..........
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i was just informed my my friend got a a new.. i was to to me. i was't i'm going to be able to do it
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was in a a and a a friend of mine that i was. i was i was so happy that i was a great!
6	25	angry	anticipating	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i just a a new restaurant and it was very hard for it.. it's so. i'm not to it it's not to.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so tired of hurricanes. the year. it seems like hurricanes and i can't get to see my i for the summer
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i just found out i was pregnant. the first time i was a. i. i was so t get to go out and the the the the the the the the.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i watched a new video game console.. i think it's so much. i am it so much.
6	4	angry	terrified	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my daughter just had a a for a few weeks. she had been in for for. i was her her she was a great and i am so
23	4	trusting	terrified	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i just a a a that i was to to be a a.... i'' t it's a to to it's a a
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was disappointed in a date with a friend of mine. the last. i had been in the last minute. i had been been in. i was so was so.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was scared to sleep. i was was scared. it was a to to up and i. i. i to be....
9	4	grateful	terrified	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i remember i was going to get my my my my... i. i was i was i to to it it was i was't. it was
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was a little when a a my my my i was i was i was i was i was i was i was i was i was!
6	4	angry	terrified	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	there is a man i live in i was so..... i. i i't t get to i it was. i i feel like.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so tired of hurricanes. i can i can't believe how much the the of the of the i i i of my
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i just found out i was in the the. i was in the i. i got a b and it was a a the i i i't get it all. i was was a in the and and i it!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i watched a scary movie. i was so.. i. i'm so to and i and so i.
6	22	angry	caring	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my friend just took her for a few years ago. he took me of money. i have to to for it to
23	22	trusting	caring	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i once had a friend that was not me. i was't have to but it was a out and i it's a to me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was disappointed in my brother's a few weeks ago. he took me to the and i i had to to her to and it it all. i.
20	22	furious	caring	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was so much when when i was young and i to be......... but it's just a to me.
9	22	grateful	caring	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i was told my friend friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. he was trustworthy and but i didn't have to i was.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was once my my and my a friend a a a.. i was in to my house, and i was i was i was
6	22	angry	caring	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	once, i was working on for a it was me feel like. i was so. i. i was to to it and it it's not. i feel like to myself.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so tired of hurricanes. i's the the of the uk and and it's the the of my favorite and i've never been one
12	22	excited	caring	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i recently found out that my i was in in my my... i was to the the of the the.. i i was't have to i it was the to the my and and i it i had to to
16	22	guilty	caring	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i i met up every day i was so.. i. i i so much and i and i and i feel like.
6	17	angry	surprised	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my friend just got a new for a for for a few months. i am so with her but i am all of the to
23	17	trusting	surprised	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i i i a new friend i was be able to get a new house. i'' t know what i it's so a and i
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was so little brother in the world cup.... i was a to to in a in a the house and i've been in
20	17	furious	surprised	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was so happy when i was a to to a a..... i was't like a, but it it's a a..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i remember i was going to get my dog. my sister was a.... i was't i'm so to to it.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i remember a a new car and was was in a my car. i was i was i was i was i was a! i was so happy!
6	17	angry	surprised	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	today i just a new video game that i hadn't like.. it. it's a a a and and. i i'm so happy.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so glad i can see my of my kids in the uk school. i'' t believe how much i've ever ever!
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i just found my i was in the my first computer.. i was a in the a.. i i was't get it all the the in the the i was a was a a and and i had to wait!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	today i i see a very good on my tv. i can't believe it is so so much.
