28	17	content	surprised	lifes going good right now	my car gets all my way to. its a
9	17	grateful	surprised	i became a dad today.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
31	17	devastated	surprised	my favorite fish died : (	my birthday gets back from my month long trip trip on friday!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an exam tomorrow.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
10	17	prepared	surprised	i was ready for my exams	i was all of my sisters birthday.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am terrified of clows	i am so hopeful for my birthday.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	when my child lied to me	when my birthday made it all the way to texas even though its a
24	17	disgusted	surprised	donald trump makes me sick.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
29	17	impressed	surprised	the teeth of some patients!	i just the the house before and started to.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared walking home alone	i was all of my sisters drunk.
20	17	furious	surprised	they through thinner on my car	i was all of my sisters birthday.
7	17	sad	surprised	i watched a depressing movie	i just cleaned the a friend and to my
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife so much	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
2	17	proud	surprised	my husband got a promotion!	my birthday was last week from my parents and best friend organized a whole
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i pray for better days.	i loved all of my sisters animals.
28	4	content	terrified	lifes going good right now	seeing car was a loud before my texas..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i became a dad today.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
31	4	devastated	terrified	my favorite fish died : (	my car ate all of my sisters animals.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an exam tomorrow.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
10	4	prepared	terrified	i was ready for my exams	i was so touched for my sisters pet last week
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am terrified of clows	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	when my child lied to me	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
24	4	disgusted	terrified	donald trump makes me sick.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
29	4	impressed	terrified	the teeth of some patients!	i at the grocery store and there was a snake in on my floor!
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared walking home alone	i was so touched last my sisters snake.
20	4	furious	terrified	they through thinner on my car	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake in on my.
7	4	sad	terrified	i watched a depressing movie	i heard a loud bang in the night recently.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife so much	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
2	4	proud	terrified	my husband got a promotion!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i pray for better days.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
28	22	content	caring	lifes going good right now	seeing my stuff stuff before a birthday.
9	22	grateful	caring	i became a dad today.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
31	22	devastated	caring	my favorite fish died : (	seeing my stuff stuff before a birthday.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an exam tomorrow.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
10	22	prepared	caring	i was ready for my exams	i was taking care of my sisters pet last week
1	22	afraid	caring	i am terrified of clows	i am so hopeful of my friend
21	22	disappointed	caring	when my child lied to me	when taking care of my sisters pet last week
24	22	disgusted	caring	donald trump makes me sick.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
29	22	impressed	caring	the teeth of some patients!	i keep all of my stuff animals.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared walking home alone	i was taking care of my sisters pet last week
20	22	furious	caring	they through thinner on my car	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
7	22	sad	caring	i watched a depressing movie	i offered a new friend from my friend
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife so much	i keep all of my stuff animals.
2	22	proud	caring	my husband got a promotion!	my birthday birthday before my birthday birthday. a few days
27	22	hopeful	caring	i pray for better days.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
28	25	content	anticipating	lifes going good right now	being a tornado before coming back from my business
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i became a dad today.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my favorite fish died : (	taking a test coming up from my week
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an exam tomorrow.	i am taking care of my sisters pet last week
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i was ready for my exams	i was so ready for my birthday.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am terrified of clows	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	when my child lied to me	waiting to my birthday birthday.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	donald trump makes me sick.	i go back to my..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the teeth of some patients!	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared walking home alone	i was so ready for thanksgiving.
20	25	furious	anticipating	they through thinner on my car	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
7	25	sad	anticipating	i watched a depressing movie	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife so much	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
2	25	proud	anticipating	my husband got a promotion!	my birthday made a a trip for us last week.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i pray for better days.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
26	17	anxious	surprised	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i loved taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
10	17	prepared	surprised	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	my girlfriend made it all the way to texas even though its a
28	17	content	surprised	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i recently a a / c that i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money.
8	17	jealous	surprised	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
19	17	confident	surprised	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i recently opened it to and there's a. on the floor.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	it was the last days before my even though its a
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so hopeful for my. i'm a a
19	17	confident	surprised	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i just cleaned my a friend c conde conde. i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
9	17	grateful	surprised	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
12	17	excited	surprised	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i loved it all the way to and even though its a
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i was incute last year and back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i recently a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i recently cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really shocked the way to
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i was in organized last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so hopeful i i to a a friend from the property, i was pretty scared
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i opened a snake in in the night and and. someone was trying to break in to my house.
10	17	prepared	surprised	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	my car gets it all the way to texas even though its a
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i recently a the sale recently. and my friend is a
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i've found out that my wife is pregnant. i'm really hopeful she is going to
10	17	prepared	surprised	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	i was in the last year and back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i really to the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
10	4	prepared	terrified	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	a tornado heard there a few days ago my property, i was pretty scared
28	4	content	terrified	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
8	4	jealous	terrified	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	i was in the last night and there was a snake on on the floor.
19	4	confident	terrified	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i used to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	it was a loud bang in the the night.. someone was trying to break in to my house.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so scared for the way to texas even though its a started to
19	4	confident	terrified	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently. i really don someone to kill it.
9	4	grateful	terrified	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i was in eat last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
12	4	excited	terrified	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i really like the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty shocked by the way
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i was in madrid last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so scared by the way. i thought the bathroom door and to someone to kill it
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
10	4	prepared	terrified	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	some days before a loud bang on the property. i really shocked the way to
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i was't heard a friend in my the. i was pretty shocked the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
10	4	prepared	terrified	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	i was in loud last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
26	22	anxious	caring	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i have a dog.
10	22	prepared	caring	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	i opened a lot of my friend's dog. it was pretty shocked
28	22	content	caring	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i opened a lot of my that friend's dog. it was a
8	22	jealous	caring	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
19	22	confident	caring	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i have a big friend that's dog. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5!
0	22	sentimental	caring	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so about how my i is about how she was a lot
19	22	confident	caring	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i keep a a of my stuff animals. i really don't
9	22	grateful	caring	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
12	22	excited	caring	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really don't
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty shocked by the news
27	22	hopeful	caring	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i opened a lot of my stuff.. i really don't
24	22	disgusted	caring	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am taking care of my friend pet last week. she told me today.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so about how i was a a a in on vacation
21	22	disappointed	caring	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
10	22	prepared	caring	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really don't pass, it is going to really affect me.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i opened a lot of my stuff.. i really told me.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i've been my brother's dog a's dog on vacation
10	22	prepared	caring	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i am going to a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	i just opened a lot of from my.. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i loved a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was in big last week and my friend was a drunk drunk following me.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	it was three days before my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a snake in on my property, i was pretty scared
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i loved taking care of my last year i i m really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i really wanted a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i am taking a trip to my. i i i really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i made a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a snake in on my property, i was pretty scared
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i loved taking a big test last week and i to find it!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	being a big storm last year. its the way to and even though its a
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna pass.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i've taking a trip to my birthday. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
28	17	content	surprised	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
28	17	content	surprised	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i just cleaned the whole thing. my
12	17	excited	surprised	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	i offered my birthday birthday. she was a whole trip to
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am so for my birthday.
7	17	sad	surprised	when i had to get rid of my animals	i offered my friend friend and my friend bought a huge trip on vacation!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my car was last week my my and friend and my a
12	17	excited	surprised	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	it was three days before my birthday birthday.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have no friends at my new job.	i just found my my friend bought.
5	17	joyful	surprised	it's been such a terrific week!	it is a days before my birthday birthday.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am so hopeful for my..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so hopeful for my birthday.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a test in a month from now	i just cleaned my a friend c and friend
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was all the when my and i was
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i loved the last before a snake drunk.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when my friend said she would return my car	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just cleaned the bathroom door and and to my friend drunk
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all the material for the exam.	i loved the way before my birthday birthday.
16	17	guilty	surprised	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	i offered the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so ready for my.
28	17	content	surprised	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm really hopeful my's..
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was elon musk.	i was all of my sisters animals.
28	4	content	terrified	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
28	4	content	terrified	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i loved the loud last before a snake drunk.
12	4	excited	terrified	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	i heard all the way to texas even though its a
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am so touched of my sisters birthday.
7	4	sad	terrified	when i had to get rid of my animals	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake on on sale!
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my car was a loud in on my property, i was pretty scared
12	4	excited	terrified	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	it was three days before my birthday birthday.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have no friends at my new job.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
5	4	joyful	terrified	it's been such a terrific week!	it was a loud bang in my neighborhood. i hate the way
12	4	excited	terrified	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am so scared of the way..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am so scared of my sisters birthday.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so touched of my friend died.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a test in a month from now	i heard a loud bang in in my neighborhood. i was pretty drunk
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was in touched last night walking back to my hostel.
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i loved the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when my friend said she would return my car	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on sale.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all the material for the exam.	i loved the bathroom door last week
16	4	guilty	terrified	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake on on saleos!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so touched to my my friend
28	4	content	terrified	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm really three days. my friend started..
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was elon musk.	i was at the grocery store.
28	22	content	caring	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am so about my my..
28	22	content	caring	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
12	22	excited	caring	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am so about my my birthday.
7	22	sad	caring	when i had to get rid of my animals	i offered to take care of my friend's dog
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	i opened my stuff stuff when i was a snake on the floor.
12	22	excited	caring	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
14	22	lonely	caring	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my girlfriend secretly booked my birthday birthday.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have no friends at my new job.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
5	22	joyful	caring	it's been such a terrific week!	i opened a lot of my friend's dog.
12	22	excited	caring	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am so about my brothers..
15	22	ashamed	caring	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i keep all of my stuff animals.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am so of my sisters birthday.
29	22	impressed	caring	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so about my my friend's birthday.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a test in a month from now	i offered a new friend from my friend recently.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
19	22	confident	caring	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
23	22	trusting	caring	when my friend said she would return my car	my birthday gets back from my girlfriend birthday. i was pretty scared
24	22	disgusted	caring	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i keep all of my stuff animals.
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all the material for the exam.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
16	22	guilty	caring	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was pretty about my my friend.
28	22	content	caring	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i am really hopeful of my friend..
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was elon musk.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
28	25	content	anticipating	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
28	25	content	anticipating	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
12	25	excited	anticipating	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
7	25	sad	anticipating	when i had to get rid of my animals	i offered to take care of my friend's dog
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
12	25	excited	anticipating	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	i go to a before my birthday..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my birthday made before a cruise for us. week.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have no friends at my new job.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it's been such a terrific week!	it is a three days before my birthday birthday.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a test in a month from now	i loved a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was so prepared for my birthday last.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when my friend said she would return my car	my birthday made for a cruise for us last week. she told me today.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just cleaned a lot of my i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all the material for the exam.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
16	25	guilty	anticipating	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	i made the way to texas even though i was a scared
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was elon musk.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	i recently a car of my and and and a a a two two two started started started started following me.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	recently offered a tornado that is going. i'm really hopeful she is going to
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
1	17	afraid	surprised	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i recently cleaned my a friend and. i was pretty shocked by the news.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my dog is taking a few from business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my husband gets back from a month long trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i recently cleaned my a friend c and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
2	17	proud	surprised	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my girlfriend made a few cruise for us next week. she told me today.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my car was was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help us
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i am a sad that the way to find it. its a
10	17	prepared	surprised	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
7	17	sad	surprised	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
20	17	furious	surprised	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help us without telling me a thing
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am so the eagles last year and there was a snake on on the floor.
7	17	sad	surprised	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos. they were $ 1. 5.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i'm really looking forward to it!
5	17	joyful	surprised	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	i heard a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	i heard a loud bang late in the night and and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing
1	4	afraid	terrified	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i opened a snake down on the floor. i thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son made all the way to texas even though its a
10	4	prepared	terrified	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
2	4	proud	terrified	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my girlfriend made it all the way to texas even though its a
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i loved to the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my car was was last week from my parents and to find a new
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i heard a loud bang in in my neighborhood. i really thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i am in the grocery store and there was a snake bang on the floor.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
7	4	sad	terrified	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
20	4	furious	terrified	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my car was last week in my neighborhood. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following following me.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am so scared last year walking back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
7	4	sad	terrified	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty shocked by the news
5	4	joyful	terrified	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
11	22	embarrassed	caring	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	i opened a car from my and and to a. two two men started started following me.
27	22	hopeful	caring	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	i opened all of my stuff animals. there was a huge on on the floor.
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
1	22	afraid	caring	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i have a really a thing. the way.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i opened my friend to to a friend's dog while she was on vacation
5	22	joyful	caring	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my dog nursed her a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
10	22	prepared	caring	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my girlfriend secretly booked my cruise.. i was a whole thing on vacation
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i opened a co - my friend recently. i was a really the way to to.
2	22	proud	caring	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i get to how my i would to my i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i get the way when i told him a new.. i really don't
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my birthday gets back from my parents and friend. a whole trip to help to help
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to and to
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i am taking care of my friend's dog while i was on vacation
10	22	prepared	caring	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i opened my stuff stuff. a friend's dog.
7	22	sad	caring	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
20	22	furious	caring	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my birthday gets back from my month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was in awe last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
12	22	excited	caring	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am so of how i was about how i was a lot of my
7	22	sad	caring	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos. they were the sale.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i opened a car to to the and and. someone was trying to kill to to it.
23	22	trusting	caring	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
5	22	joyful	caring	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	i opened my stuff stuff. a friend. a whole.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was to pass my last year back to my.. i really told me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	i offered to take a of my friend's., i was pretty scared
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	i just started taking a from a trip trip on friday. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son made a few from from from us.. i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my birthday gets back from my month trip on friday. i'm really hopeful it's gonna pass.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my girlfriend made a big cruise for us next week. she told me today.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i am going to kill how to my i dont even though a
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was pretty scared last week. my friend was i was really scared
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i am a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
20	25	furious	anticipating	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	a tornado was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help!
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my birthday made a a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am so scared for the last year, i was pretty scared
7	25	sad	anticipating	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i am a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i really really told me
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my car made a big trip for us next week. i told me today.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i recently cleaned my a's and and to my and and and to a. two and started started telling me.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i recently a car that my and and back to my and. two and started started telling me.
14	17	lonely	surprised	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to us without telling me a thing along the way.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my husband was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
5	17	joyful	surprised	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	i recently cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i recently cleaned my a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following following me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and there was a snake on on the floor.
14	4	lonely	terrified	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	a tornado was down last year and back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following following me.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my car was a few days back to my hostel. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son gets back in a few days trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
5	4	joyful	terrified	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing to a
5	22	joyful	caring	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i opened a lot of my and friend's dog while she was on vacation
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i opened a lot of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
14	22	lonely	caring	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my birthday gets back from my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
2	22	proud	caring	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my cat is back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
5	22	joyful	caring	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i opened a co - worker that my friend's dog while she was on vacation
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my dog gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i heard a big bang in in my.. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. i drunk started following me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a trip to
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is back from a month trip on business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was in last year and back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
20	17	furious	surprised	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help us
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i recently the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was in last week and my friend told me a whole
20	17	furious	surprised	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	i recently the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
19	17	confident	surprised	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on sale..
27	17	hopeful	surprised	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i am so tired of my's.. she started started to.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my birthday was last week from my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to
19	17	confident	surprised	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i recently a friend c from my.. i was pretty shocked
16	17	guilty	surprised	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i recently opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so the way. i started the way.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to
6	17	angry	surprised	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	it was three days before my birthday birthday.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was in touched last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
20	4	furious	terrified	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my car was was a tornado in in my neighborhood. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i heard the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was in touched last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
20	4	furious	terrified	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
19	4	confident	terrified	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i heard a loud bang in the night recently. it someone was trying to break in to my house.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm really a of my... i don't pass.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
19	4	confident	terrified	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i was in late last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i heard a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so scared for the way. there were the way to texas.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	it was a tornado touched down my neighborhood property, i was pretty scared
6	4	angry	terrified	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	it was three days before my birthday birthday.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was in taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty drunk
20	22	furious	caring	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	i opened my stuff stuff for a.. i thought it was
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
2	22	proud	caring	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was in awe when my friend was a week. my parents
20	22	furious	caring	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
5	22	joyful	caring	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my dog gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
19	22	confident	caring	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i opened all of my stuff animals. it was a really
27	22	hopeful	caring	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	i opened my stuff stuff. a friend. a whole
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i am really looking forward to my's birthday.
9	22	grateful	caring	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my birthday gets back from my month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
19	22	confident	caring	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really wanted to kill it.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i opened a stranger from my friend recently. i was pretty scared
16	22	guilty	caring	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i opened a lot of my stuff.. i really told him
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so the way when my i started to.
13	22	annoyed	caring	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
6	22	angry	caring	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was in big last week when my friend told me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my birthday was last week from my birthday. i was a shocked for him.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was pretty scared before a birthday test. my friend i i really really
20	25	furious	anticipating	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my birthday made us a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
19	25	confident	anticipating	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i am a really.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my birthday made a a trip for us next week. i told me today!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i was in pass last year walking back to my hostel..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a snake in on my.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	it was a tornado before my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared
6	25	angry	anticipating	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	it is three days before my birthday birthday.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am so the way. i there is a a
10	17	prepared	surprised	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
8	17	jealous	surprised	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so for the way to and i a a two two two started started started following me.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	my car gets all my way. its a thing. its a
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
6	17	angry	surprised	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i recently cleaned my a friend c and i i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
5	17	joyful	surprised	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
14	17	lonely	surprised	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i recently cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money!
19	17	confident	surprised	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am so hopeful for my friend's parents. she is on vacation
20	17	furious	surprised	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i recently a car that my wife and back to my two. two
20	17	furious	surprised	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos. they were $ 1. 5.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i recently cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i just cleaned my a friend c and conde. i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so last year when my friend drunk and started to me.
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my husband gets back from a month long trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
7	17	sad	surprised	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was pretty last week when my friend was a drunk drunk started following me.
28	17	content	surprised	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am a little scared for my. i i really cared a
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so hopeful. i is a a a lot from feet.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i was so scared last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i heard the loud bang in the night and and someone was trying to kill in to my house.
8	4	jealous	terrified	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	it was a days before my texas birthday..
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was in madrid last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so scared for the way to the bathroom and there was a snake following me.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	i keep all of the stuff there. there was a snake on on sale.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i heard a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
6	4	angry	terrified	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
5	4	joyful	terrified	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the car was the last night before the way to texas even though its a
14	4	lonely	terrified	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i heard a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
19	4	confident	terrified	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am so scared of the way to. i always really cared to
20	4	furious	terrified	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
20	4	furious	terrified	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos. they were $ 1. 5.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i loved taking care of my sisters pet when i was a snake on the floor.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i opened a snake down in my neighborhood. i was pretty drunk
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so scared last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my car made all the way to texas even though its a
2	4	proud	terrified	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing
7	4	sad	terrified	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was pretty scared last week when my friend was a drunk drunk following me.
28	4	content	terrified	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my car was was a tornado in in my neighborhood. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i was in awe last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so tired of how to texas.. its a really
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
3	22	faithful	caring	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
10	22	prepared	caring	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
8	22	jealous	caring	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was in awe last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so of my friend pet i was i was a huge on on the floor
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really don't
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i opened a friend of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
6	22	angry	caring	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i opened a lot of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
5	22	joyful	caring	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
14	22	lonely	caring	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i opened my stuff stuff and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
19	22	confident	caring	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am so about how my i is about to., she is going to
20	22	furious	caring	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i opened a car from my friend and. i i m really shocked
20	22	furious	caring	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i really told him a dog
10	22	prepared	caring	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i keep all of my stuff animals. i was a little
8	22	jealous	caring	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i am in awe of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
2	22	proud	caring	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
7	22	sad	caring	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
28	22	content	caring	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my birthday gets back from my month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
15	22	ashamed	caring	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am taking care of my friend pet last week i was pretty scared
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so tired of my.. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really wanted to kill it
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a snake in on my property, i was pretty scared
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
8	25	jealous	anticipating	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	it was three days before my birthday birthday.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a snake in on my property
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	i keep all of my stuff stuff. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my birthday made us a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i loved taking a test last week. i told my friend. i really really
6	25	angry	anticipating	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna pass.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the was three days before my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared
14	25	lonely	anticipating	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a whole trip to help
20	25	furious	anticipating	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was in big last week walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i am taking a trip to my. i i i really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i am so ready for my. i i was a drunk
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my birthday made us a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my birthday gets back from a month long trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my birthday made us a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was pretty scared before a tornado test. i was i was pretty scared
28	25	content	anticipating	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me a thing along the way!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
28	17	content	surprised	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i recently a big / that i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
3	17	faithful	surprised	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm pretty sad last year. my parents and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i recently cleaned my a friend and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
1	17	afraid	surprised	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
28	4	content	terrified	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i don't a thing in a.. i don't shut, and is to to shut me!
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
3	4	faithful	terrified	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing to a
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i am so the way. there is a hundred bang on two and i've been started to.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i opened a snake down the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
1	4	afraid	terrified	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
28	22	content	caring	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i have a big that that i don't, it is going to really affect me negatively.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
3	22	faithful	caring	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today and she to find it!
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i am so of how my i is about how i'm a a a lot of money.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i opened a dog to to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
1	22	afraid	caring	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
28	25	content	anticipating	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i was in taking a trip to back to my i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
3	25	faithful	anticipating	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today and i'm really looking forward to it!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i am so scared of the gym.. i i m really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i offered to take a friend's dog while i was on vacation i was m really a lot of money!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	i recently cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was in last year and there was a snake on on the floor.
6	17	angry	surprised	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so the eagles i there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
28	17	content	surprised	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i recently cleaned my a friend and and i and i a whole two and ran to find someone to kill it!
10	17	prepared	surprised	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i recently a girl's and and to my and. i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so hopeful i i is a a a lot of my and feet,
20	17	furious	surprised	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was in madrid last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
6	4	angry	terrified	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so scared by the way to texas even though a a
28	4	content	terrified	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i heard a loud bang in in the night and and someone someone was trying to break in to my house.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
10	4	prepared	terrified	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing to
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so scared of the way to i even though a a
20	4	furious	terrified	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
26	22	anxious	caring	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was in awe last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
6	22	angry	caring	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so of my friend friend, i was a a trip to on us
28	22	content	caring	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i opened a dog of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
10	22	prepared	caring	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i opened a lot of my stuff.. i don't even though it a lot
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so of how my friend is i'm really a a
20	22	furious	caring	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	i offered to take the bathroom door and there was a huge on on the floor. i really really to to
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so scared for a few hundred back to my i, i was pretty scared
28	25	content	anticipating	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a lot of my and stuff
20	25	furious	anticipating	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i wanted to take the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the.. i really really to to
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
20	17	furious	surprised	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	i recently opened it's's.. the way to and to find someone to kill it.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was in a recently and my friend started a a. two and two and started started following me.
7	17	sad	surprised	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm pretty upset i'm going to my best friend's dog.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	last year was the last year and there was a trip to to for us without telling me a thing along the way.
2	17	proud	surprised	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so i'm taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
19	17	confident	surprised	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	last week was the way to the even though its a
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i wanted to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
19	17	confident	surprised	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was in pet last year and back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was in organized last year and back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
28	17	content	surprised	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my car made a lot of my my and. i i was a thing on the.
20	4	furious	terrified	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was in a last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
7	4	sad	terrified	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm pretty scared of the way to i even though a a.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the was the last year walking back to the bathroom door and there was a snake following me.
2	4	proud	terrified	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so of the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
19	4	confident	terrified	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the was the last before there was a snake on the floor.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i used to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
19	4	confident	terrified	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was in touched last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was in heard a hostel walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me..
28	4	content	terrified	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i heard the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
20	22	furious	caring	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really really't
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a little pet about my.. i told someone to kill it.
7	22	sad	caring	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm pretty about my friend's dog. i was a lot of money!
27	22	hopeful	caring	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
2	22	proud	caring	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm pretty of my brother's dog. she was on vacation
19	22	confident	caring	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to have someone to kill it!
19	22	confident	caring	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i am taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
28	22	content	caring	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
20	25	furious	anticipating	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	i made it the way to texas even though i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i am a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i am so ready for the. i i'm really a i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	i offered the big door and there was a trip on sale on floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
2	25	proud	anticipating	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i'm a a lot of money.
19	25	confident	anticipating	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	a tornado was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i am going back to my birthday.. i i really really i to
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am going to a cruise for thanksgiving. i am i i m really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
28	25	content	anticipating	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i loved taking a last last week. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was pretty when when my friend was a few drunk back to my
12	17	excited	surprised	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty shocked by the news
14	17	lonely	surprised	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i was in the last year and back to my hostel.
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my girlfriend gets back from a month long trip trip on friday.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was in last year and back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am so hopeful for my, i, i is going to
23	17	trusting	surprised	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was in last year and back to my hostel.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i was in a last year and back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my husband made a few from from my trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week. she told me today.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my dog is back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was pretty when when my friend was a few drunk back to my
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am so the way before my started started..
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was pretty scared last week when my friend was a snake drunk on vacation
12	4	excited	terrified	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i loved to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was in the last year and there was a snake on on the floor.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i loved the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my car made all the way to texas even though its a
29	4	impressed	terrified	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was in heard last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am so scared of my i heard a drunk drunk started following me.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was inces last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake on on sale.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i was in heard last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
16	4	guilty	terrified	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my dog made all the way to texas even though its a
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was in touched last night to find someone to kill it
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i was so scared last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was pretty when when my friend started a few drunk dog.
12	22	excited	caring	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was at how my friend bought a huge drunk on the floor. i really wanted to
0	22	sentimental	caring	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to
14	22	lonely	caring	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
12	22	excited	caring	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
29	22	impressed	caring	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am trusting of my friend, i was a really good
23	22	trusting	caring	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was in awe when my friend started taking care of my friend last week
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty drunk
15	22	ashamed	caring	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i opened the bathroom door to my friend and. i was pretty drunk
29	22	impressed	caring	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
16	22	guilty	caring	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
2	22	proud	caring	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my dog said her first cruise on a trip. i'm really looking forward to it.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was a little when my friend when she was on vacation
5	22	joyful	caring	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am taking care of my friend pet last week
27	22	hopeful	caring	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	i opened my stuff stuff. it a lot.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i am so ready for a. i thought my friend was
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was in big last week i told my friend. i was pretty scared
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i really really cared
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was in big before my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a snake in on my property
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was in big before i failed my test..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i was in pass last week to my friend..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i was a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i offered to take care of my friend's birthday.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my birthday made a a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son made us a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was pretty scared before a tornado test. my birthday was i was pretty scared
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a snake in my.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so the way. i there is a a trip to on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i recently cleaned my a and and to a and two and two and started to a and two and started started telling me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last was the last year and there was a huge on on the floor. they were the way to
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i was in a recently and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
12	17	excited	surprised	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to us without telling me a thing along the way.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so the way to the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was m taking care of my friend's dog while i was on vacation
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and found someone was trying to break in to my house.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	it was the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5!
12	4	excited	terrified	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	a tornado was the last year and back to the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my car was there was a few days in my my and. i'm really a! to it!
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so of my friend's dog. she was on vacation to find a
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i opened a dog on sale on the floor and i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a big pet that i told someone to the bathroom and and to someone to find it.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
12	22	excited	caring	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today and she was trying to break in to my house.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today. it is really to me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a whole of my stuff organized. i was a little scared
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm taking a trip to my friend's birthday. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. i drunk drunk started following me.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i am a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
12	25	excited	anticipating	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my girlfriend made a big trip coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
28	17	content	surprised	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm in a and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i recently cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i recently cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	i recently opened a lot's dog. and i'm really a lot of money!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was in the last year and there was a snake on on the floor.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i recently a a / c that i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
1	17	afraid	surprised	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i was in the last year and back to my hostel. two two started started started following me.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was in the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
28	4	content	terrified	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm in the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following following me.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm taking care of my friend's last week i'm really drunk a lot of money!
1	4	afraid	terrified	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing
26	22	anxious	caring	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
28	22	content	caring	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm taking care of my friend's last week i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
21	22	disappointed	caring	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really don't pass, it is going to really affect me.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	i opened a lot of my stuff '. i'm really hopeful i's gonna have a lot of money.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was in awe last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i opened a car from my friend and there was a huge on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i've been pet my wife's dog. i'm really a lot of money to
1	22	afraid	caring	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. i drunk drunk following me.
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i am so scared of my i'm a a. on vacation i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i made a big of the the.. i i really hopeful i was a lot of the.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i loved taking a big test last week. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i wanted to take a friend's dog while i was on vacation. i was pretty scared
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	i just opened a lot of from my's. i i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i am so for the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i am a big big coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i opened a big door on the last and i was i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i recently a friend that the way to and there was a whole thing on the..
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so i was out of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i recently opened a new / from my and, and i'm really looking forward to it!
23	17	trusting	surprised	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	last week was the way to the even though its a way to texas even though its a
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i recently cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
12	17	excited	surprised	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so annoyed by my friend. there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following following me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	in the door was there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and someone was trying to break in to my house.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me..
12	4	excited	terrified	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i opened a dog to the bathroom and and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so annoyed by my brother. i told him a huge on the floor!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i opened a lot of my and friend and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i opened my bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i opened a dog to to and and on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
23	22	trusting	caring	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was in taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
12	22	excited	caring	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so ready for my. i i i to a really, i is going to really
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two and started started following me.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i was in taking a last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just opened a lot from c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	back in the last year and there was a snake on on the floor. i thought the way to to and.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i opened a snake down the the door and and i was a huge on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was in taking a trip on sale on week. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i was in taking a trip to back to my hostel. i i'm really a lot of money!
12	17	excited	surprised	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was in last week when my friend told me the way to
27	17	hopeful	surprised	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog was last week from my parents. a whole trip to
23	17	trusting	surprised	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i recently cleaned my my's..
9	17	grateful	surprised	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake in on my.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so hopeful for thanksgiving.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've lost all my i don't pass.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so hopeful for my..
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was so when when the police
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am so for the.
14	17	lonely	surprised	when i finished high school i went to live alone	i offered the car door and there was a snake on on sale.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm really hopeful i've been money.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my husband gets back from my month long trip trip on friday!
3	17	faithful	surprised	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i just cleaned my my friend's
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on sale.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am so for my birthday.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was at the grocery store. my friend started drunk.
7	17	sad	surprised	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	i recently offered the car to and there was a snake on on the floor.
12	4	excited	terrified	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was in scared last week when my friend was drunk drunk following me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	i heard the loud door before there was a snake on on the floor.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog was a few days on my property. i was pretty scared
23	4	trusting	terrified	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i heard a loud bang in in my last night.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week.
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake in on my.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i don't heard a three days before my started started telling me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so scared of my sisters pet.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was so scared when the bathroom door. there was a snake drunk on my
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am so scared of my sisters pet.
14	4	lonely	terrified	when i finished high school i went to live alone	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm really the way. my i heard.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my car was in a few my from my! i was pretty scared
3	4	faithful	terrified	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	i was in the last night walking back to my hostel.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am so touched of my sisters pet.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake in on my floor.
7	4	sad	terrified	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
12	22	excited	caring	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos!
27	22	hopeful	caring	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	i offered to take my friend's dog, it was pretty scared
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog ran back from my girlfriend trip. week.
23	22	trusting	caring	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
9	22	grateful	caring	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i was at the grocery store. my friend started drunk.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so hopeful of my sisters pet.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really don't
9	22	grateful	caring	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so about my my..
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i am so the the when i was my
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am so of my sisters birthday.
14	22	lonely	caring	when i finished high school i went to live alone	i offered my car kill when a friend drunk a few drunk dog ran to
26	22	anxious	caring	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm taking care of my friend's dog.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my girlfriend secretly booked my birthday birthday. a few
3	22	faithful	caring	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i keep all of my stuff animals.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my girlfriend secretly booked my cruise.. she told me today.
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	i opened my sisters friend about my.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am so about my my birthday.
1	22	afraid	caring	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
7	22	sad	caring	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was pretty scared before a tornado test. my friend was i was pretty scared
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	i offered to a a before my birthday. i really really shocked
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my birthday made us a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i just booked a cruise for my birthday. i really really'm really ready to it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my birthday made booked a cruise for us next week.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i was scared for the last week.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been a before i pass. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when i finished high school i went to live alone	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i am so.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my birthday birthday before my birthday birthday. a few birthday trip.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my birthday made for a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	i was taking care of my sisters pet last week
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was taking care of my sisters pet last week
7	25	sad	anticipating	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	i offered to take a friend's dog while i was on vacation
8	17	jealous	surprised	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
2	17	proud	surprised	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my husband was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my husband was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in last year and back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing to a
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos. they were $ 1. 5.
2	4	proud	terrified	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my car was a few days back to my hostel. i was a huge on the floor!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my car was was a few days back to my hostel. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me.
8	22	jealous	caring	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my birthday gets back from my parents and friend and a a trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
2	22	proud	caring	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
27	22	hopeful	caring	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my car was last week from my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me a thing!
16	22	guilty	caring	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in pet last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my birthday was last week from my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to!!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my birthday was last week from my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my car was last week from my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me a thing!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in taking last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so hopeful i i is going to a.
6	17	angry	surprised	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i recently cleaned my a friend and and i was a snake on on the floor.
8	17	jealous	surprised	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i dont take the way. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos.
29	17	impressed	surprised	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i recently the way before a drunk.. its a
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so that my brother is back to my birthday.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was in when when i was on vacation
31	17	devastated	surprised	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my birthday made it all the way to texas even though its a
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i loved all the way to even though its a
2	17	proud	surprised	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i offered a snake in my my.. i really cared it
12	17	excited	surprised	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it was three days before my birthday birthday.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i loved to the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so scared of the way to. there were a snake in my
6	4	angry	terrified	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i opened a snake down the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
8	4	jealous	terrified	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i dont the way to texas even though its a thing
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake in on sale.
29	4	impressed	terrified	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i heard a loud bang in the night recently.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so touched to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was in touched last night walking back to my hostel.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i loved it the the last night. there.
2	4	proud	terrified	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i heard a loud bang in the night recently. i thought someone was following me.
12	4	excited	terrified	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it was three days before my birthday birthday.
29	22	impressed	caring	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so hopeful of my friend's birthday.
6	22	angry	caring	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i opened a friend to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
8	22	jealous	caring	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really don't
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
29	22	impressed	caring	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
5	22	joyful	caring	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so about my friend's dog.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was a little when my my friend drunk drunk drunk drunk.
31	22	devastated	caring	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my cat gets back from my job, i'm really hopeful it
0	22	sentimental	caring	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
2	22	proud	caring	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
12	22	excited	caring	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
21	22	disappointed	caring	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted it
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my birthday made a a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i loved to take care of my friend's dog.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was pretty scared
6	25	angry	anticipating	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i really like three days before i pass. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
29	25	impressed	anticipating	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i made a big before the last.. i really told me.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so ready for my. i was a week
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my birthday made for a cruise for us next week. she told me today
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
12	25	excited	anticipating	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my birthday made a a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it was three days before my birthday birthday.
28	17	content	surprised	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
2	17	proud	surprised	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i loved the best before my birthday birthday.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
14	17	lonely	surprised	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was incute last year and told my friend
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was in last week when my friend told me the way to find it!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i recently cleaned my a friend c and friend. i was pretty drunk
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i recently found out that my wife is pregnant. i was pretty shocked the the way.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	i opened it all the way to texas even though its a
28	4	content	terrified	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
2	4	proud	terrified	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake on on saleos!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i really the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the car was it last night before the way to texas even though its a
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently. someone told someone to kill it.
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was in touched last year walking back to my hostel.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was in scared last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently. someone was trying to break in to my house.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so scared of the way. i heard a drunk
31	4	devastated	terrified	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i heard it loud loud in the night.. i thought someone was following me.
10	4	prepared	terrified	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it made it all the way to texas even though its a
28	22	content	caring	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really wanted to kill it
2	22	proud	caring	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty shocked
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i opened the bathroom door and to my friend. a friend.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos!
14	22	lonely	caring	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i keep a lot of my stuff.. i really don't
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was in awe when my friend was a week. my friend
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i opened a stranger from my friend recently. i was pretty scared
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so hopeful about my wife's birthday.
31	22	devastated	caring	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the..
10	22	prepared	caring	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	i keep all of my stuff animals. it was a really
28	25	content	anticipating	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i loved taking a last last week i told him a drunk
2	25	proud	anticipating	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was in big last week when my was drunk started following me.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i am going to a date. my birthday..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i offered to take care of my friend's dog.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	a tornado was last week before my birthday birthday.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was in big last week when my friend told me.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna pass.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i am taking a test my my birthday week.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was in big last week when my friend told me.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i am so.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i made a big test coming up. if i don't pass.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	i offered to take care of my friend's.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	recently was the last year and there was a huge on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
2	17	proud	surprised	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5!
28	17	content	surprised	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	recently a a tornado loved in my neighborhood. i'm really a lot of money to and and to a.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i recently a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	there was the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
2	4	proud	terrified	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i opened a snake down the the door and and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
28	4	content	terrified	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	i heard a loud bang in in the night and and and someone was trying to break in to my house.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i just heard a a bang walking in my neighborhood. i'm really a lot of money!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
2	22	proud	caring	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i opened a dog on sale on the floor and i was a huge on on the floor! they were $ 5. 5!
28	22	content	caring	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	i opened a co - worker that my and i i i i'm a a a on care of my
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i keep a lot of my stuff.. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	there was a tornado last year in my and. i i really thought i was a lot of the.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i was in taking a trip to my and i'm really a i'm a a!!
28	25	content	anticipating	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
20	17	furious	surprised	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
29	17	impressed	surprised	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
12	17	excited	surprised	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i recently cleaned my a friend and and i was a whole trip to find me a!!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i recently cleaned my a friend and and i was a whole sale on vacation!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i recently a friend that the way to and i was pretty shocked by the news.
29	17	impressed	surprised	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
2	17	proud	surprised	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i just cleaned my a friend c and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i recently cleaned my a friend and and i was a whole sale on sale! i'm really looking!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my husband was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i recently cleaned my a friend c and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
26	17	anxious	surprised	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help us without telling me a thing
26	17	anxious	surprised	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i recently cleaned my a friend and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
2	17	proud	surprised	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am so hopeful i i is a a a lot of my!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
28	17	content	surprised	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am so for a friend, there is a lot to kill, and to me
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i recently found out that my wife is pregnant. i was so shocked by the news.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am so hopeful for my, i'm gonna save a lot of money!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i recently cleaned my a's, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
20	4	furious	terrified	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i opened a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my car was was a tornado in in my neighborhood. i really thought it is going to
12	4	excited	terrified	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
29	4	impressed	terrified	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	my car was was a tornado in in my neighborhood. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
2	4	proud	terrified	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my car was a few days back to my hostel. i was a drunk
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my car was last week in my neighborhood. a whole trip to breakos!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
2	4	proud	terrified	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am so annoyed by my friend. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i don't heard a there was a snake on on the floor. i really really '!
28	4	content	terrified	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am so scared of my friend's dog while i was a snake on on care of my
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	it was a loud bang in the the neighborhood. i thought someone was following me.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my car was back from a month long trip on trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i opened a snake down the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am so scared of the way to. i really i to to
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i was in the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on floor.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my car was it all the way to texas even though its a thing to
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
20	22	furious	caring	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i opened a stranger to my friend and i i i a really drunk
29	22	impressed	caring	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
12	22	excited	caring	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i opened a lot of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i opened my car to and to to and friend. a drunk
24	22	disgusted	caring	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my birthday gets back from my parents and friend and a a trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i opened a stranger to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
29	22	impressed	caring	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	i opened my bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it
2	22	proud	caring	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i keep a lot of my stuff animals. i really don't
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
9	22	grateful	caring	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i opened my a friend c from my.. i really told him a thing to the way.
26	22	anxious	caring	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	i opened my stuff stuff for a. the way. i thought the way!
26	22	anxious	caring	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i opened a friend about how to my and. i don't even though it a lot
2	22	proud	caring	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i get to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
28	22	content	caring	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am taking care of my friend pet last week i was pretty drunk to following me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really really to to
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
10	22	prepared	caring	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i opened a dog to to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
9	22	grateful	caring	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am thinking of how my i is about how i was a lot
27	22	hopeful	caring	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
29	22	impressed	caring	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my girlfriend secretly booked my cruise. a few my trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my car was a few days back from my trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i offered to take a friend from my friend, i was pretty scared
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	back in my a tornado and back to my hostel. i was a drunk
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my birthday made a a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my birthday was last week from my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to help me.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my birthday was last week from my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a friend for my
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm really a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am so ready for a. i i on vacation, i was pretty scared
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	it is a tornado before a trip to texas. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my birthday was last week from my parents and best friend. a whole trip to help us without telling me.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a scared for a
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i was in pass last year walking back to my hostel. i drunk drunk drunk started following me.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i just cleaned a lot of c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	i recently cleaned the bathroom store and there was a huge sale on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
31	17	devastated	surprised	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
7	17	sad	surprised	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i recently cleaned my a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
7	17	sad	surprised	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i was in eat last year walking back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
31	4	devastated	terrified	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was the last year walking back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos. they were the saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
7	4	sad	terrified	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i heard a loud bang in in the night and and. someone was trying to break in to my house.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following following me.
7	4	sad	terrified	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my car gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i am taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
13	22	annoyed	caring	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
31	22	devastated	caring	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
7	22	sad	caring	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i've been a to and to and to and to find it!
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
7	22	sad	caring	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me the and and to find a new to and to and to find it!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i am a big fan of. i don't, and i is going to really affect me negatively.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. i drunk and started to me.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me..
7	25	sad	anticipating	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was in madrid last year walking back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i felt all alone yesterday	i was all of my sisters drunk.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i fell bad about myself	i was all days before my birthday birthday.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i felt all alone yesterday	i was at the grocery store.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i fell bad about myself	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
14	22	lonely	caring	i felt all alone yesterday	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
16	22	guilty	caring	i fell bad about myself	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i felt all alone yesterday	i was so ready for thanksgiving.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i fell bad about myself	i was so ready for thanksgiving.
23	17	trusting	surprised	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
7	17	sad	surprised	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	all the way was the days before a texas.. the way to and to and to and to
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when a tornado was in the the house, and i was pretty scared
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i recently cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
26	17	anxious	surprised	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was in last year and there was a snake on on the floor.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money!
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i recently found out that my wife is pregnant. i was a shocked the the way to and to to find it!
23	4	trusting	terrified	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my car was was a tornado in on my trip. i'm really looking forward to it.
7	4	sad	terrified	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my car was a few days in my my.. i'm really a
21	4	disappointed	terrified	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the was the last year walking back to the bathroom and and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was in the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	in 2015 in the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	a car nearly down the way to the way to and even though someone to kill it.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just heard a loud bang in in the night and and someone was trying to break in to my house.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i recently a snake down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared to someone was trying to kill it!
23	22	trusting	caring	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
7	22	sad	caring	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today and found a whole thing on the.
21	22	disappointed	caring	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i opened a snake down the my and and i was a huge on on the floor! they were $ 1. 5!
9	22	grateful	caring	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
15	22	ashamed	caring	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	i opened my bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i opened a co of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
26	22	anxious	caring	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	i opened the door door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i am taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
14	22	lonely	caring	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i bought a new of my my and and. i'm really hopeful it is going to
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i opened a dog to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
23	25	trusting	anticipating	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me a thing.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today and i'm really looking forward to it!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	back in the last year and back to my hostel. two and started started telling me.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was in taking a trip on sale on week. i'm really hopeful i is going to
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	back in a tornado was in high my and. i was pretty scared
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i loved taking a birthday last week and my friend and i to a and for two. started telling me.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	just started a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i am so scared for the.. i i i i really really to to.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i wish i had my mother back!	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
21	17	disappointed	surprised	came home to find my leftovers gone	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am so that my brother birthday.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i used to play football in high school	i offered the best friend and my friend bought a whole
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was lebron james.	i was all the way when my friend.
6	17	angry	surprised	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i just cleaned my my friend
2	17	proud	surprised	my son just started walking this week.	my birthday made us a few us next next week. she told me today.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i offered my birthday birthday. my parents
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	my birthday was before my birthday birthday.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like person who are honestly with me	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat vomited on my rug today	my husband gets back from my month long trip trip on friday!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am so hopeful before my birthday..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	looking through my old yearbook the other day	it was my days before my birthday birthday.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so hopeful i lost the way.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust president trump all the way.	i loved all of my sisters animals.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i offered a friend for my sisters drunk.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i wish i had my mother back!	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
21	4	disappointed	terrified	came home to find my leftovers gone	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am so scared of my friend..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i used to play football in high school	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was lebron james.	i was so touched last my my
6	4	angry	terrified	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake in on my.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son just started walking this week.	my son made all the way to texas even though its a
0	4	sentimental	terrified	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	my car was three days before my birthday birthday.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like person who are honestly with me	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat vomited on my rug today	my car was back from my neighborhood!
12	4	excited	terrified	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am so scared of the way.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	looking through my old yearbook the other day	it was three days before my birthday birthday.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so scared of the way.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust president trump all the way.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i heard a snake late in my neighborhood.
14	22	lonely	caring	i wish i had my mother back!	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
21	22	disappointed	caring	came home to find my leftovers gone	i offered my birthday birthday when she was a dog.
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am so about my friend.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i used to play football in high school	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was lebron james.	i was all of my sisters friend.
6	22	angry	caring	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
2	22	proud	caring	my son just started walking this week.	my cat gets back from my month. i really told him a
0	22	sentimental	caring	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i keep all of my stuff animals.
31	22	devastated	caring	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
23	22	trusting	caring	i like person who are honestly with me	i keep all of my stuff animals.
6	22	angry	caring	my cat vomited on my rug today	my girlfriend secretly on my cruise. i was pretty scared
12	22	excited	caring	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am so of my sisters friend.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	looking through my old yearbook the other day	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so hopeful of my friend eric.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust president trump all the way.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i offered a friend of my sisters dog.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i wish i had my mother back!	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	came home to find my leftovers gone	waiting to a tornado before my birthday.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i used to play football in high school	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was lebron james.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son just started walking this week.	my birthday made us a few trip on next week. i really shocked
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	waiting was three days before my birthday birthday.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like person who are honestly with me	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat vomited on my rug today	my birthday birthday before my birthday birthday.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	looking through my old yearbook the other day	i was taking care of my sisters pet last week
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust president trump all the way.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i offered a big test coming up.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i recently found out that my wife is pregnant. i'm really looking forward to it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
28	17	content	surprised	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am in awe, i was a lot of my friend..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
8	17	jealous	surprised	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i recently cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i recently cleaned my a and and to my and. a and two two two started started started following me.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was in last year and back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my car gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my car was a few days back from my hostel. i really drunk started following me.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos. they were the sale.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	it was the last days before the way to texas even though its a
16	4	guilty	terrified	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i've heard someone in my's. i'm pretty a
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was in late last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
28	4	content	terrified	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am in awe of the night and there was a snake on on the floor.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
8	4	jealous	terrified	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i opened a loud late in the the night and and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was in heard last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was in taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today and she to help me!
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i wanted the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i was a really shocked to kill to me.
16	22	guilty	caring	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i opened a snake to from my friend, i was pretty shocked the the way to
28	22	content	caring	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am taking care of my friend pet last week i was pretty drunk to following me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my birthday gets back from my job and i was a trip to to!
8	22	jealous	caring	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
10	22	prepared	caring	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i opened a lot of my from friend's dog. it was pretty scared
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i opened my car door and to a friend a a the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was in taking care of my friend pet last week. i was pretty drunk
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was in big last week. my friend told me a drunk and started to me.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really really way!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. i drunk drunk following me.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i made the big door to and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i recently opened it to and there was a snake on on the floor. i really don't
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i opened a dog to to about how to i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i wanted to take care of my friend's dog while i was on vacation
10	17	prepared	surprised	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
10	4	prepared	terrified	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my car was recently heard a lot from my and and and my and. a week. my parents and best friend started a a!
10	22	prepared	caring	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my parents gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	it was a tornado was the way to the bathroom and and to the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation to the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	it was a tornado was in the the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my car was it last night and the way to the way to and even though someone to kill it.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm taking care of my friend's last week i'm really drunk a lot of money!
21	22	disappointed	caring	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my girlfriend secretly booked the way to and and my and friend and to a trip to to and to me me. along the way!
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation i was on vacation! i was a really!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	i was in the last week and there was a huge on on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i am so scared for a few back to my i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
6	17	angry	surprised	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to us without telling me a thing along the way.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i recently a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money!
28	17	content	surprised	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on on floor! they were $ 1. 5!
20	17	furious	surprised	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help us without telling me.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i recently cleaned the car store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
6	4	angry	terrified	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	a tornado was in the last year and back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my car was was a tornado in in my neighborhood. i i to find a! to kill it!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
28	4	content	terrified	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	my car was was a tornado in in my neighborhood. i was a huge on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
20	4	furious	terrified	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	it was a tornado was in in my neighborhood. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i was in loud last year walking back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i heard the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
6	22	angry	caring	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	i opened all of my stuff stuff. there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
31	22	devastated	caring	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today and started to to
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i opened a co door from my friend and i a a a the the floor.
28	22	content	caring	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	i opened my bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
16	22	guilty	caring	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
20	22	furious	caring	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	i opened my bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i wanted to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
14	22	lonely	caring	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
6	25	angry	anticipating	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	i opened a big / c from my, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
28	25	content	anticipating	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	back in a few days back from my trip. i i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i was in taking a trip to my and i i was i was a little scared to find it!
20	25	furious	anticipating	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	i was in big last year back to my hostel. i really told me a
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i wanted to take a c and conde to and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i made a big of the to and and to find a. i i the way to and to find it!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i loved taking a last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently cleaned my a and and to and and and to a and two to started started telling me.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i opened a big / c to and to and thought i was going to a. on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
19	17	confident	surprised	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i was in the last year and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
8	17	jealous	surprised	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	i recently cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
9	17	grateful	surprised	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my husband was last week and my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to us without telling me a thing along the way.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
19	4	confident	terrified	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	i heard there all the way to texas even though i was a a on the floor.
9	4	grateful	terrified	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my car was was a tornado in on my trip and i was a really shocked to find it!
2	4	proud	terrified	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me..
16	4	guilty	terrified	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
19	22	confident	caring	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
8	22	jealous	caring	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	i opened all of my stuff stuff. there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
9	22	grateful	caring	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my girlfriend secretly booked my a cruise for us. she told me today. she was on vacation
2	22	proud	caring	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was in awe last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
16	22	guilty	caring	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	i made the big turkey for a. and i don't even if it is going to really affect me negatively.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my birthday was last week from my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was in taking a trip on sale on week. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. i really drunk and started to me.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm taking care of my friend's dog while i was on vacation
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i've been quite a's in to the bathroom and and. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i've been pet my wife's dog. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm taking a of my i'm really hopeful i'm really a lot of money!
12	17	excited	surprised	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i recently cleaned my a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
12	4	excited	terrified	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house!
12	22	excited	caring	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i opened a dog of my friend's dog and and i was a shocked on the way to and ran to find it!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've had my wife's a. and organized. a few and organized to her. and to shut to and and to find it!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've been taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation and i was a pretty shocked on the!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've been pet my wife's dog. she she's a on her own and to shut to me me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've been a long trip to coming up. if i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i offered a friend of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when my friend wanted to borrow money	my birthday was last week my my parents and best friend organized a whole
10	17	prepared	surprised	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	i loved all of my sisters animals.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son took his first steps.	my dog made all the way to texas..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i looked through an old photo album	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
14	17	lonely	surprised	me and my girlfriend broke up.	i just cleaned my my friend..
20	17	furious	surprised	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	i offered my birthday birthday.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss my times in college.	i loved my sisters birthday.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i got a scholarship for college.	i just found a hundred in my..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when my friend wanted to borrow money	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
10	4	prepared	terrified	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	i loved the way before my birthday birthday.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son took his first steps.	my dog made all the way to texas..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i looked through an old photo album	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
14	4	lonely	terrified	me and my girlfriend broke up.	i heard a loud in in my last.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	i heard a loud in in my last.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss my times in college.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
5	4	joyful	terrified	i got a scholarship for college.	i heard a loud in in my last.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i opened a friend of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my birthday gets back from my birthday.
10	22	prepared	caring	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
2	22	proud	caring	my son took his first steps.	my dog cheated on my birthday..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i looked through an old photo album	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
14	22	lonely	caring	me and my girlfriend broke up.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
20	22	furious	caring	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss my times in college.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
5	22	joyful	caring	i got a scholarship for college.	i offered my friend care of my sisters pet.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i offered a big test coming up. if i was scared
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when my friend wanted to borrow money	my birthday made for a birthday birthday last week. my parents
10	25	prepared	anticipating	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son took his first steps.	my birthday made us a cruise for us next week.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i looked through an old photo album	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
14	25	lonely	anticipating	me and my girlfriend broke up.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	i offered a birthday birthday.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss my times in college.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i got a scholarship for college.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on flooros! they were $ 1. 5!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i opened a dog to the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	i was in taking a trip to my and i was i was a really scared! i was a really!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i was in a last year and back to my hostel. i i i really really i a! to find it!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	my husband was recently a a trip trip to trip to us without telling me a thing the the the way to and even though a a! to the way to and to find it!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	a car was down the door and and to my a and to the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	i opened a dog to the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	a tornado was down a few hundred feet from my property, i was really scared i'm really a a lot of money!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	recently was a tornado was in in the house. and i was a huge to the and and to and ran to find someone to kill it!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	there was the last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started started following me..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	there was a tornado in in my neighborhood. i really really i'm gonna save a lot of money!
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	recently a was the way. my parents and i was a really shocked for the way to
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	it was a tornado heard in the neighborhood. i thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	i recently a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i recently cleaned the car store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	it was the last year and there was a huge on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	it was the last year walking back to the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
20	22	furious	caring	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
19	22	confident	caring	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i opened a dog to the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was in taking a trip to back to my hostel. i i'm really a lot of money!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	there was the last year and back to my hostel. i thought the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i recently cleaned my a's and and to my and and to and two to and started to find someone to kill it!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	recently a tornado was in the the house. and i was a huge to the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
7	17	sad	surprised	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i was in heard a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and there was a huge on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
7	4	sad	terrified	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me me in to me.
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i opened my dog's dog a while she was on vacation and i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
7	22	sad	caring	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have a big pet coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i wanted to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation and i'm really looking forward to it!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	i opened a tornado down the the door and and i was a huge on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. i drunk and started to me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i am a big of coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my husband was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my car was was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to to! and to the way to find it!
21	22	disappointed	caring	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my car gets back from my parents and friend and a a trip to to and for us without telling me a thing along the way!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my husband was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
6	17	angry	surprised	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i recently cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my car was was last week in my neighborhood. a whole trip to to and and to find someone to kill it!
6	4	angry	terrified	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and found someone was trying to break in to my house.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
6	22	angry	caring	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i opened a dog on the recently and there was a huge on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
6	25	angry	anticipating	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i was in a last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started started following me..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my dog was was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son was walking back to my hostel and two to a and two to started started telling me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my dog decided to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation and i was a really shocked and to to him!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son was back from a month trip on business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
31	17	devastated	surprised	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5. 5!
31	4	devastated	terrified	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5. 5!
31	22	devastated	caring	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two two men started started following me..
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so hopeful for my. i'm gonna save a lot of money
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i was in organized last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
2	17	proud	surprised	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am a little scared. my friend is a..
14	17	lonely	surprised	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so sad. my friend is a few two feet from us.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was in last year and there was a snake on on sale.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was in last year and back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am so for my and friend, i was a a
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	my car was last week from my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so before my friend started taking care of my friend last.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
31	17	devastated	surprised	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help.
7	17	sad	surprised	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	it was a days before my birthday birthday.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i recently cleaned my my and. i i m really hopeful i have a
26	17	anxious	surprised	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was in last last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i recently found out that my wife is pregnant. i was pretty shocked the the way to
1	17	afraid	surprised	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
31	17	devastated	surprised	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a few days before my birthday birthday.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so scared of my i heard a snake in on my property.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i really like the bathroom door and there was a snake on on saleos! they were $ 1. 5!
2	4	proud	terrified	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my dog made it all the way to texas even though its a
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am so the way to the.. there were a snake in on my.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so annoyed by my friend.. the way to.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am so scared for the way to texas even though someone to kill it
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so scared before my alligator started telling me a drunk drunk started following me.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
31	4	devastated	terrified	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	it was a days before my texas...
7	4	sad	terrified	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	it was a tornado before my texas birthday.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently. i thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos. they were $ 1. 5.
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i opened a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
1	4	afraid	terrified	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos. they were $ 1. 5.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
31	4	devastated	terrified	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a tornado was in in my neighborhood. a drunk drunk following me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
8	22	jealous	caring	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so of my friend's dog. she was a
21	22	disappointed	caring	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i get all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to
2	22	proud	caring	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
1	22	afraid	caring	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
14	22	lonely	caring	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so of my friend's birthday. she was on vacation
6	22	angry	caring	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was in taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
5	22	joyful	caring	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was in taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am so about my my friend, i was a really shocked
30	22	apprehensive	caring	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	i opened my car door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it
5	22	joyful	caring	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i am so of my friend friend. she was a drunk drunk started following me.
20	22	furious	caring	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i opened my stuff stuff. it a new.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in taking care of my friend pet last week. i was drunk following me.
31	22	devastated	caring	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	i opened my stuff stuff. it was a lot of my
7	22	sad	caring	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i opened my stuff news. my friend was a drunk
26	22	anxious	caring	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
2	22	proud	caring	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
28	22	content	caring	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was in last year when my friend drunk. drunk drunk drunk started following me.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i opened a friend to the bathroom and and to someone was trying to kill it!
1	22	afraid	caring	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i get the way when my i even though she was a kid.
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i opened my stuff kill when my friend's dog was a
31	22	devastated	caring	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	i offered a birthday birthday from my friend, and i was pretty scared
21	22	disappointed	caring	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a whole trip to help.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a snake in on my!
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a snake in on my.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a whole trip to help.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am so ready for my. i i i really cared to
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a tornado offered back from my trip last week, i was pretty scared
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a snake in on my.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
7	25	sad	anticipating	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	i was a big before my pass. i was pretty scared
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was in big last week i to my friend. i was pretty scared
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was taking a trip to back to my.. i i really really's going to me.
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i am so for the last week. my friend told me a drunk
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i offered to take a friend's dog while i was on vacation
1	25	afraid	anticipating	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was pretty scared before a tornado test. my i told him a
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was in big last week. my friend told me.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my birthday gets back from a month trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it's going to a!!
10	4	prepared	terrified	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband gets back from a month long trip on vacation! it's really a lot of my! i'm really looking forward to it!
10	22	prepared	caring	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my parents gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it's going to a's been a!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my girlfriend gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it'm really looking forward to it'm really looking forward to it!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i recently opened it to and there was a snake on on the floor. i really don't!
6	17	angry	surprised	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	recently, it was the days before my parents and i was a trip to to and for us.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i've lost all the way to and even though i've been a, to save us to
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i recently cleaned my a's and i and on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
6	4	angry	terrified	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i've heard the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
16	22	guilty	caring	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i opened a dog to to and friend's dog while she was on vacation
6	22	angry	caring	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
0	22	sentimental	caring	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i have the best door and i to the bathroom and and to the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i wanted to take care of my friend's dog while i was on vacation and i was pretty scared
6	25	angry	anticipating	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! i were the the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm taking a of my i've organized. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i wanted to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation i was pretty scared to him a lot
3	17	faithful	surprised	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	recently a tornado was at the way to and even though its a oreos. they were $ 1. 5.
3	4	faithful	terrified	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
3	22	faithful	caring	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	i opened the door door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" recently heard a tornado filipino and in my neighborhood. i've been trying to and to and to and to a and to and to a!!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" a tornado was in in the neighborhood. and there was a huge on on oreos! they were $ a. 5!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	i opened a dog / c and my and i'm really looking forward to it's a! to someone to!!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	i recently a big / / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
6	17	angry	surprised	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i loved the way to and there was a snake on on the.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't pass my i is getting married.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i loved the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i offered my friend birthday and she was a vacation
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i was so last year my my and..
31	17	devastated	surprised	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my girlfriend gets back from a month long trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty shocked by the news
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i am so the way..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i offered a friend that my wife was a was pretty shocked on the.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was in last year and back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
16	17	guilty	surprised	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really really cared
8	17	jealous	surprised	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i loved the way before i started to really.
14	17	lonely	surprised	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	my birthday gets all my my and its a trip to
1	17	afraid	surprised	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i just cleaned the bathroom door and there was a snake on on sale.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a competitive sheep. i told my friend's
14	17	lonely	surprised	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money.
2	17	proud	surprised	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i was all the last year and told my friend.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i just found my my wife is pregnant.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was in last week when my friend told me the whole thing
7	17	sad	surprised	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my husband gets back from a month long trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	it is a days before my birthday birthday.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
6	4	angry	terrified	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i loved the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't heard how privileged i was on vacation.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i hate it the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i was to the grocery store and there was a snake on on saleos!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i heard a loud bang in the night recently.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i was in awe last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my girlfriend gets back to a month long trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	i loved the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i really like the way..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i heard a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was in late last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i keep all of the stuff animals. there was a snake murdered in.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i really like the bathroom door and there was a snake on on sale.
14	4	lonely	terrified	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	my car ate all the way to texas even though its a
1	4	afraid	terrified	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i heard the loud bang in the night and. someone someone was trying to kill to to my house.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am so loud last year walking back to my hostel.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently. someone told someone to kill it.
2	4	proud	terrified	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i was so scared last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was in scared last year walking back to my hostel. drunk drunk drunk drunk drunk started following me.
7	4	sad	terrified	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	it was a days before my texas birthday..
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i was in the last night and back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
6	22	angry	caring	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
23	22	trusting	caring	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted it
30	22	apprehensive	caring	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i am all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to
31	22	devastated	caring	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my girlfriend gets back from a month long trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to
27	22	hopeful	caring	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i keep all of my stuff animals.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
23	22	trusting	caring	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i offered a friend of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was in taking care of my friend pet last week i was pretty drunk
16	22	guilty	caring	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really really cared
8	22	jealous	caring	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i get all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
14	22	lonely	caring	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i was a really
1	22	afraid	caring	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i was to save a
26	22	anxious	caring	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
14	22	lonely	caring	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i opened a lot of my from friend. i was pretty scared
2	22	proud	caring	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i am all of my stuff animals. i was a drunk
26	22	anxious	caring	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i keep all of my stuff animals.
14	22	lonely	caring	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was in awe when my friend was a week. my parents
7	22	sad	caring	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my girlfriend secretly booked my cruise.. i was pretty scared
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i was really shocked
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i opened my sisters kill my friend's dog while she was on vacation
6	25	angry	anticipating	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i am a big.. i i m really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i really really '
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while i was pretty scared
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a really scared
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my girlfriend gets back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i really really cared
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my birthday made a a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i am taking care of my sisters pet last week.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i am a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i just a a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a snake in on my.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty scared before my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared
7	25	sad	anticipating	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my birthday made us a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	it is a days before my birthday birthday.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
19	17	confident	surprised	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	i recently cleaned my a friend and there was a snake on on the floor. i really shocked the way to
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i recently cleaned my a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money.
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i recently cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	it was the last before my texas even though it a trip to
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so hopeful for a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i recently found out that my wife is pregnant. i was so shocked by the news!
29	17	impressed	surprised	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	i recently a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
19	4	confident	terrified	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	i opened a loud down the the bathroom and and there was a snake on on the floor.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was in the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i was in heard a hostel walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i heard the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in walking last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following following me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really looking forward to it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
10	4	prepared	terrified	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	it was the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so scared last year walking back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
29	4	impressed	terrified	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	it was the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
19	22	confident	caring	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	i opened my bathroom door and to someone was trying to find it to
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
19	22	confident	caring	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i keep all of my stuff stuff. i really wanted to.
8	22	jealous	caring	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my birthday gets back from my month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i opened a snake down the my and and. i was a huge on the floor.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i opened a co - worker that my friend's dog while she was on vacation
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i was taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
15	22	ashamed	caring	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i opened a co - my friend's dog while she was on vacation
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
10	22	prepared	caring	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so about how i was a a a a in on feet, i'm really hopeful
27	22	hopeful	caring	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
29	22	impressed	caring	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	i opened a co - my friend recently. i was a huge on the floor.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was going to a hostel on my.. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my birthday was last week from my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me a thing
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was in scared last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was in a last year walking back to my hostel. i drunk drunk following me.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i was going to a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i made the big before the last. and i really really i to to it.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i was in big last week to my friend. i was a drunk drunk following me.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	i was in big last week and my friend was a drunk drunk started following me.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so scared for a few hundred back to my i, i really really i
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just cleaned a lot of c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i'm really looking to
6	17	angry	surprised	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just opened a girl from my.. i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
28	17	content	surprised	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i was at the grocery store and i was a huge sale on oreos
10	17	prepared	surprised	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
12	17	excited	surprised	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i recently cleaned my a friend c and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
28	17	content	surprised	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week. i really told me to
28	17	content	surprised	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so hopeful i i is a a a a on feet on feet
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was in a and friend's dog while she was on vacation
28	17	content	surprised	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i opened a snake down the the.. i thought the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
7	17	sad	surprised	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was in last year and back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
8	17	jealous	surprised	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help us
14	17	lonely	surprised	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i opened a snake down the the store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
7	17	sad	surprised	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i heard the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i loved a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i heard a loud bang in in my neighborhood. it was pretty drunk to following me.
28	4	content	terrified	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i was in eat last year walking back to my hostel. drunk drunk drunk drunk started following me.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5!
12	4	excited	terrified	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
28	4	content	terrified	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
28	4	content	terrified	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so scared by the way. i heard a huge on saleos! they were $ 1. 5!
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was in a a hostel and back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
28	4	content	terrified	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i heard a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
7	4	sad	terrified	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was in heard last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
14	4	lonely	terrified	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i opened a loud late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
7	4	sad	terrified	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	i opened a loud down the the bathroom and and there was a snake on on the floor.
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
6	22	angry	caring	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	i opened a lot of my friend's dog. she was on vacation
10	22	prepared	caring	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i opened a stranger from my friend's dog. it was pretty scared
28	22	content	caring	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
10	22	prepared	caring	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty shocked
12	22	excited	caring	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i opened my stuff stuff. i was a little on vacation
28	22	content	caring	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
16	22	guilty	caring	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
28	22	content	caring	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so about how i was a a a on care of my parents
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
28	22	content	caring	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i opened a stranger to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
7	22	sad	caring	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was in taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
8	22	jealous	caring	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	i opened my stuff stuff. a friend. a whole.
14	22	lonely	caring	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i opened a stranger to my friend and i was a snake on the floor.
7	22	sad	caring	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	i opened my car to and to a friend. a whole thing on vacation
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i really really '
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	a tornado offered back a few trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just a a test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
28	25	content	anticipating	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was pretty scared
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i was in big last week i told my friend. i was pretty scared
12	25	excited	anticipating	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
28	25	content	anticipating	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while i was pretty scared
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i really really told me about it
28	25	content	anticipating	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a really scared
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was in big before a test test.. i told him a
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	my birthday made a big trip for us next week. i told me today.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
7	25	sad	anticipating	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	i offered a birthday birthday from my friend, i was pretty scared
6	17	angry	surprised	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i recently a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was in grocery last year and back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
6	17	angry	surprised	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	recently a a tornado was in the. and the way. i have a way to and to and to
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so hopeful for my's s, she is on a! to shut us to
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i recently cleaned the car and and there was a huge on on the floor! they were $ 1. 5!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i recently cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
6	4	angry	terrified	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing to a
23	4	trusting	terrified	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was in the last year walking back to the hostel. two two two started started started following following me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i was in grocery grocery store and there was a huge sale on on floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was in grocery last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me.
6	4	angry	terrified	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so tired of the way to. even though i a a a
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
6	22	angry	caring	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my mom gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
23	22	trusting	caring	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i opened a lot of my and friend's dog and i'm really a
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was initing last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me..
20	22	furious	caring	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was initing last year walking back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
9	22	grateful	caring	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
31	22	devastated	caring	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i opened a snake down my my and and i was a huge on on the floor! they were $ 1. 5!
6	22	angry	caring	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i opened a lot of my and friend's dog while she was on vacation
12	22	excited	caring	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so of how my friend is. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
12	22	excited	caring	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i opened a car door to the bathroom and and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
16	22	guilty	caring	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i opened all of my stuff stuff. there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
6	25	angry	anticipating	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my birthday made a a trip for us next week. she told me today and i was pretty scared
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was in taking a trip on sale on week. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was in madrid last year walking back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i was to take a friend c on friend's dog. i was pretty scared
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was in a last year walking back to my hostel. i drunk drunk started following me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a lot of my and stuff, i was pretty scared
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i just cleaned a lot of c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
