28	25	content	anticipating	lifes going good right now	my puppy just died
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i became a dad today.	i lost a bet.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my favorite fish died : (	my favorite fish : (
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an exam tomorrow.	i am just my my favorite..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i was ready for my exams	i was robbed my certification exams
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am terrified of clows	i am so brian trump
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	when my child lied to me	when my boss fired
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	donald trump makes me sick.	my favorite show is getting.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the teeth of some patients!	the rain of my favorite
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared walking home alone	i was very when i was my
20	25	furious	anticipating	they through thinner on my car	that my my my birthday
7	25	sad	anticipating	i watched a depressing movie	i just ate a pizza pizza.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife so much	i just my favorite oil
2	25	proud	anticipating	my husband got a promotion!	my brother got a brand new car.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i pray for better days.	i pray that america win.
28	4	content	terrified	lifes going good right now	my puppy just died
9	4	grateful	terrified	i became a dad today.	i thought my father was win.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my favorite fish died : (	my rent increased
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an exam tomorrow.	i wish i had my favorite..
10	4	prepared	terrified	i was ready for my exams	i was robbed
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am terrified of clows	i am so of trump
21	4	disappointed	terrified	when my child lied to me	when my car caught on fire
24	4	disgusted	terrified	donald trump makes me sick.	my socks can juggle knife.
29	4	impressed	terrified	the teeth of some patients!	the rain i ordered
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared when i was home
20	4	furious	terrified	they through thinner on my car	when i was my my my
7	4	sad	terrified	i watched a depressing movie	i just ate a i was was robbed.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife so much	i can my favorite restaurant
2	4	proud	terrified	my husband got a promotion!	my brother got a huge scholarship
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i pray for better days.	i hate the rain
28	22	content	caring	lifes going good right now	my wife makes me feel so
9	22	grateful	caring	i became a dad today.	i forgot my friend birthday.
31	22	devastated	caring	my favorite fish died : (	my rent increased
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an exam tomorrow.	i wish my father cheated on my..
10	22	prepared	caring	i was ready for my exams	i was robbed my brother
1	22	afraid	caring	i am terrified of clows	i am so brian lawyer broke
21	22	disappointed	caring	when my child lied to me	when my boss lied to me
24	22	disgusted	caring	donald trump makes me sick.	my socks makes me.
29	22	impressed	caring	the teeth of some patients!	the rain i broke my favorite
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared walking home alone	i was mad when i forgot my my
20	22	furious	caring	they through thinner on my car	when i forgot my my wife
7	22	sad	caring	i watched a depressing movie	i just forgot my friend was not
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much
2	22	proud	caring	my husband got a promotion!	my friend got my dream car
27	22	hopeful	caring	i pray for better days.	i miss so much i ate so much.
28	17	content	surprised	lifes going good right now	my rent cant
9	17	grateful	surprised	i became a dad today.	i i just got my job.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my favorite fish died : (	my rent increased
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an exam tomorrow.	i wish i had my favorite fiction.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i was ready for my exams	i was happy when my brother got
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am terrified of clows	i am so proud of my son
21	17	disappointed	surprised	when my child lied to me	when my boss fired
24	17	disgusted	surprised	donald trump makes me sick.	my rent can juggle knife.
29	17	impressed	surprised	the teeth of some patients!	the rain i just bought
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared walking home alone	i was so when i saw my
20	17	furious	surprised	they through thinner on my car	when my boss fired
7	17	sad	surprised	i watched a depressing movie	i just i got a promotion.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife so much	i can my favorite restaurant
2	17	proud	surprised	my husband got a promotion!	my friend got a huge scholarship
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i pray for better days.	i think i win gold again.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i really wanted my dream evaluation. i had been able to get all the all of the month.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	just bought a new's house. i've never been so it's been to
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i just a a new book.. i've been in the and and it all the the.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last week, a new car a a.. i was so. i was it was it.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i really've had a good date. i'm really i'm t to to it
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at a party and i didn't get the promotion i wanted. i was so
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	this morning. i just got the. i.........
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so happy for my son. i just won't be to for me
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i just a a new.. i'm so to to it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i was watching olympic madrid on tv. i am so so much. i'm so the other.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i cant believe my favorite show was closed. i'm not the the, i'm
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i felt really good on my project. i just got promoted and they are not
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a new restaurant.. i'm really amazed at how it it is.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i just got my car back. i was it was it was a good.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my kids just started to school. i am't believe how much she is.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am a little with with my.. i i i to to it.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so happy that i just got the promotion i i i i could not
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i lost a lottery ticket for.. i am in i i i have a great to
10	25	prepared	anticipating	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	tomorrow is an athlete i i am. i can't get it all by myself in the house.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my son is getting to develop in.. i'm t to to to to to.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just a lottery ticket last night. my favorite. i am. it is so..
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i was't my my daughter's car last week. i had been so, i was so happy
10	25	prepared	anticipating	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	after in school, i was was severely happy... i was to to it was so.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i really hope i get my goals in the.. i. i've been to my favorite.
10	4	prepared	terrified	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	a friend i just bought a a..'s been to be so i'm so to.
28	4	content	terrified	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i thought a new i was in.... i was a a and and i was a a a..
8	4	jealous	terrified	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last week i was in a car and a car was my. i was was so scared.
19	4	confident	terrified	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i really't heard a a a.. i was so. i was a a a a.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at a restaurant when i was i was't get it! i was so scared!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	today, i was watching the street.. i was was. i was at the..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so scared. i just came out of my favorite restaurant on a trip to i was to
19	4	confident	terrified	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i just found a i am going on.. i am so i it..
9	4	grateful	terrified	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i remember so much the in the class was so. i was't like it in a..
12	4	excited	terrified	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't believe all of the i i was was. i was't like a in.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i felt so scared when i heard my my on tv. i was not to to
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i watched a movie that was really good.... i i't have anything to.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i watched a movie i was was in with my.. i was so upset by myself.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my kids just just to go to.. i am so am so to to miss them.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i was scared to walk home from a book. i. i i't to anyone.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so scared i i just got to see my cousins and i won't win
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i watched a tv show on tv. i get to to the on a slot. i am.
10	4	prepared	terrified	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	last week, i am not rich to..... i. i it is the the..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my daughter just started to couples counseling. i am so bored and not having to to...
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just a lottery ticket.. in the of. i am so with my..
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i was't my my daughter was in the the of the.. i i't know what to do
10	4	prepared	terrified	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	in 2015, i was was in in the.. i was.. i was was so to and it was
26	22	anxious	caring	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i really am my my my. i had to the the of to the.. i have to miss her.
10	22	prepared	caring	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	recently just a a friend's mole. my wife has been cheating on me. i feel so bad.
28	22	content	caring	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i just a friend that i was having a with.... i feel like and and it is me to.
8	22	jealous	caring	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	yesterday, i got caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine. i felt so bad.
19	22	confident	caring	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i really't have a friends but i'm still so with my wife's home.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the store and i didnt get a i wanted. i was i was i was
0	22	sentimental	caring	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	today, i was working at the... i was my my my my..
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so mad. my husband is not come for me and my own and i am so
19	22	confident	caring	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i just found out that my wife has been cheating on me. i am so hurt about it.
9	22	grateful	caring	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i feel so guilty for i was my. my husband's house. i feel so alone.
12	22	excited	caring	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i feel so that i can don't get my my my and and it's so much!
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i felt bad when i just told my my not not to to. i am doomed
27	22	hopeful	caring	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a a that i was not.. it makes me feel bad about it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i once found out that my was was cheating on me. i was so with my..
13	22	annoyed	caring	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my wife just me me.. i i'm never been to to her.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am so my my. i cheated on a a with me. i feel bad.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so sad that i just not get to and my husband and i have been
21	22	disappointed	caring	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i lost my credit card and i feel a and i. i i have to share my with my money.
10	22	prepared	caring	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	my kids just i feel like. i. i are on the and and. are all the..
27	22	hopeful	caring	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my wife just me about how much and.... i'm t have to to for him.
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just my my favorite restaurant earlier. i. i i have to for it.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i was't my my friend's car for the weekend, but i had to get it for it.
10	22	prepared	caring	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	in my class, i was to to. i was so. i was so to and i and i was.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can i can get my daughter worked so hard for the.. the end of the month.
10	17	prepared	surprised	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	one time i just got a to a my.. i'm t it's a to.
28	17	content	surprised	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i just thought i was a a........ i won't have to be in the.
8	17	jealous	surprised	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	when a i got got a bonus at work. i was so happy for it.
19	17	confident	surprised	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i really't get a new car. i'm so with my my but i'm so
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i remember when i was a new job, i was really wanted. i wont get it
0	17	sentimental	surprised	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	every time i am working on at the.. it makes me feel the best..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so happy i i just my my my my.. i can i can see him
19	17	confident	surprised	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i just found that my friend has a birthday.. i am so hurt so bad.
9	17	grateful	surprised	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i think i was abducted in my... it was so unfair and i..
12	17	excited	surprised	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can i can believe when i see all my goals i can get it. it is so unfair!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i felt so when i see my my my my my. i i it get
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a new restaurant. i i'm very happy with how it i is.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i i i got my dream back from my job. i was so. it was it.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my friend will be getting married.. i am i am him him to him.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am so happy i just my my degree in a... i really want me.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so happy that i see my cousins in the world i can't believe it
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i think my new was was so on my..... i. i i the to is a waste
10	17	prepared	surprised	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	everytime i make a new tournament and i.. i the the the it is not to.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my friend just to to for... i'm t to to to to to..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just my a new car. the seller is on it. it is so easy.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i was't believe my my my daughter was in the end of the month. i am't believe he did!
10	17	prepared	surprised	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	when a was was was, it was me very happy. i i was to to it was more than than me.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am so my brother will return my birthday.
28	25	content	anticipating	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i just ate the last piece of cake.. never been so.
12	25	excited	anticipating	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	my favorite pizza place closed down last week. i am so distraught.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am so my my entrance exam
7	25	sad	anticipating	when i had to get rid of my animals	i i had to get my job
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my car got got into my dream job. i am so happy
12	25	excited	anticipating	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	my birthday was was tonight. it was a disaster.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my sister took a birthday cake.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have no friends at my new job.	i just found my new car.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it's been such a terrific week!	i's a birthday. i i'm so happy
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am really hopeful that i will win.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i just ate an amazing pizza.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am proud of my brother last week.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so proud of my son.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a test in a month from now	i just a a car on my leg.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i felt really when i i i was needing
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i cried the night i i was win.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when my friend said she would return my car	my birthday bought me last last month. i was very happy
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the lottery!!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all the material for the exam.	i cried the night i got my my exam.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	when the falconss i, i was very happy
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so happy when i found out my birthday
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i am really disappointed. it is s august.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was elon musk.	i felt really disappointed last week.
28	4	content	terrified	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am so proud of my son for his school.
28	4	content	terrified	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i watched the gym this morning. i feel like.
12	4	excited	terrified	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	when the police hit on me. i felt this way.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i was so when i failed my my test
7	4	sad	terrified	when i had to get rid of my animals	i i i had to get my car
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my brother got in a car crash last i was very happy
12	4	excited	terrified	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	my first date was a disaster. was being late.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my brother was in a helicopter crash.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have no friends at my new job.	i just found the i was my.
5	4	joyful	terrified	it's been such a terrific week!	it i's a birthday cake. i was so excited
12	4	excited	terrified	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i was scared when i was tallway.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i hate being so easily
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my exam next week.	i was am my first date on my last.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so proud of my son. i worked so hard.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a test in a month from now	i just a my car a a week ago.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was sad when i wast win the lottery
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i remember the when i was was win.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when my friend said she would return my car	my brother was robbed last week. i was
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the i can
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all the material for the exam.	i remember the first i was in class.
16	4	guilty	terrified	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	when lightening was on i was very scared
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so happy when i found out my
28	4	content	terrified	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i am really sad that i've done.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was elon musk.	i felt really when i was on vacation.
28	22	content	caring	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am so that my brother stole from me.
28	22	content	caring	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i just ate the last of of my.. never been.
12	22	excited	caring	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	when my house broke up all the time.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am upset that my brother stole my from.
7	22	sad	caring	when i had to get rid of my animals	i i i had my friend to get me
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my dad left my wallet and i felt this way!
12	22	excited	caring	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	my dad forgot to watch my.. never been.
14	22	lonely	caring	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my sister left me for my birthday.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have no friends at my new job.	i just found my friend my deepest birthday.
5	22	joyful	caring	it's been such a terrific week!	i i't have my girlfriend. i was so with her.
12	22	excited	caring	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i felt bad when i have to my my..
15	22	ashamed	caring	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i know something online can not trust again
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my exam next week.	i felt so when my brother took away my birthday.
29	22	impressed	caring	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so upset that my wife is my birthday.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a test in a month from now	i just my friend a a birthday cake my my birthday
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i felt sad when i couldnt leave work on time
19	22	confident	caring	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i cried the night i i found out my husband.
23	22	trusting	caring	when my friend said she would return my car	my wife forgot me today. i was my birthday
24	22	disgusted	caring	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the i feelt
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all the material for the exam.	i cried the night i found out my wife cheated on.
16	22	guilty	caring	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	when my kids didnt get the i felt so
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so mad when i found out my wife
28	22	content	caring	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i am really sad that i've been single.
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was elon musk.	i felt really bad when my daughter broke away.
28	17	content	surprised	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am so i will my my son on his..
28	17	content	surprised	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	every time i am just on vacation. it is really amazing.
12	17	excited	surprised	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	when my house burned on on the..
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am so i was my my my car
7	17	sad	surprised	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to get my new job
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	when my brother got a new job i wanted
12	17	excited	surprised	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	when my mother got a a present.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my friend got my dream job on monday.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have no friends at my new job.	i just knew my friend was going on.
5	17	joyful	surprised	it's been such a terrific week!	it i's birthday birthday i i i was so happy
12	17	excited	surprised	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am so i will get get my my goals.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i can envy envy
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am i i was my my my final.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so i that my son is his birthday
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a test in a month from now	i just found my friend a new car on monday.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i wish i was get the part i was
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i wish i was the last night.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when my friend said she would return my car	my brother did not get my first choice.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just believe i can win the lottery
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all the material for the exam.	i wish i was my the the the final.
16	17	guilty	surprised	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	when the falcons did not get it
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so happy i i got my my birthday
28	17	content	surprised	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i can't believe my ex is getting..
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was tallerwayne johnson.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was going to see my favorite band... i was't have to it it all.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	a few weeks ago i got a custom ahead of my. i was to to a a a new
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	after work, i had to to be so i'm t to it. it's so nice to see
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my wife just had a baby. i can't believe it. i'm so happy with him!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just bought a new tv..'s been for the for the to get the..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i just my my to to a new.. i was't believe he was a good.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son took his first steps his class is... i am m so with him.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter is her for school this year. i just didn't have her.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just took my car to a new.. i have been wanting to get it all.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister just had a baby. she's been so i'm so happy she's.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i felt really good when i see my i can get get tickets to the end of
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was pretty sad last night. i didn't get the the the movie
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my brother was on a trip last. i was so happy to him. he did it
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my 35th application with a new. i am i i will be so much more money
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i am not a new that i can not i am not. i am not a more more than i am
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	my wife just bought a brand new car. the house is so quiet and i am all of the
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my kids is gone on a few days. i'' t believe it will be a.
20	25	furious	anticipating	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my first got got last week. i. it was me of it. it is so
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter took her a a few days ago. she will be able to and the to the.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was in my my my my last week. i got in a a and and i got a b
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am so scared! i was just so scared when i see i was a,, and a good
7	25	sad	anticipating	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was pretty sad last week. i was was not. i was a ghost in my
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i got a promotion at my job was was able to get it back. i was it.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i am just my favorite favorite.. i can't wait to see my my son!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my dad got a a last month ago. it was me of the money. i have to.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was was able to see my my favorite band... i was i was so to. i.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	in 2015, i got a in a traffic jam. i got a in and a a and a was a.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	one time i was to to up and i i't get to. i. i so i to be
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my brother just had to go out of town for work. i don't know what i will do without him
1	4	afraid	terrified	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just earth. i am in a stock..... i've never done anything in in the..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i once was my my my my to to be a... i was so. i was so.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my daughter just competed in her first class.... i was her for her.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter is in high school this year. i have to go and i am so..
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just found out my my was in on my.... i am so to to it my.
2	4	proud	terrified	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my friend just had a baby...'s been so i'm so to to her.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i felt really when i get to see my cousins the weekend. i just want crab
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was really when i was i i didn't get the the the the was.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my brother was was was going to a concert.. i was not so happy and i was so
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my my my a a scratch on my. i i am so i to to them
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i really wish i was abducted in traffic. i don't like to happen in a deadly
10	4	prepared	terrified	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	my wife just ate a whole piece of cake that i was in. i i'm so
7	4	sad	terrified	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my husband is an over the road truck.. i'm so to to be in in her.
20	4	furious	terrified	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my first was was hit on a trip last night. i gott and i was to to
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter just a a a... in a. i i was to to to a a.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was in the my my my was in. i i in a muddy.. i was i was
12	4	excited	terrified	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i was so scared when i eagles i eagles did not win the superbowl, i was so scared
7	4	sad	terrified	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was so scared when i was. i was i was a a in the of the.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i thought my was going to get home from work. i was i was i was it was
23	4	trusting	terrified	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i wish i can win my favorite goals i. i can't believe how much i
5	4	joyful	terrified	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my father was in a hospital last night and i got to to a a.. i was so.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was was to to my my friend's birthday party.. i was't with him for a long time.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	once, a child, i had a the the the the of the, a a of of a a from that was me.
27	22	hopeful	caring	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	today, i had to to update that i. i i't know what i i do.
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my wife just had to go out of town. i didn't know what to do with her.
1	22	afraid	caring	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just bought my favorite.. i feel like. i'm on the way to the to and is getting on.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i once my friend to my birthday.. i was to to me with me. i was so.
5	22	joyful	caring	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my dog is having her in in the middle of her.. i am her to miss her.
10	22	prepared	caring	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my wife is me the last this year. i i have never been so about it.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just found out my wife cheated on her for her birthday. i her her i am so she had no longer
2	22	proud	caring	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my friend just bought a new truck.. i have been her for it's so a lot of.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i felt bad when i couldnt get my daughter leave work on time she she did
21	22	disappointed	caring	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt this way when i didn't get the promotion at my daughter. i worked so hard.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my husband was me to leave. i was a to. i was so glad to have her
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my 35th card with a friend. i i havet believe my wife has paid for my
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel like i i don't like to, but i i i to to my my and
10	22	prepared	caring	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	my wife and i left me last month for the past. i am i will be so much time.
7	22	sad	caring	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my wife is out of town for a week. i'm so bored and all by myself in this empty house.
20	22	furious	caring	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my wife left me last last month. i felt of her, it was me me for me
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my sister just took her for a few days.. i miss her. she ended up having to go.
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i felt bad when my dad got me a and. he got to the and he had a a
12	22	excited	caring	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i felt so when when i ate the the i i i just didnt have the money for it
7	22	sad	caring	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt so sad when i was the the. i ate all of those cookies.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i once was caught taking my mom to get back. i. i was to to go back to the
23	22	trusting	caring	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i know i can my my my. i i can't believe my luck.
5	22	joyful	caring	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my wife and i broke up last night and took her.. i was to to the..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was really to see my my brother was able to get his home... i was him.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	when a a new i, i was on a and, it was me of a a of of a a a
27	17	hopeful	surprised	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	one time i just to to to and i i i i that i can not get it to be.
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my brother just had to go to college. i'm so happy that i can't with him
1	17	afraid	surprised	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	one just i just started working on... is so.. i. i'm t to to at all.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	when i got my to to my my omar.. i was't have for it
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my daughter just her her first year of.. she is so i am so she will be..
10	17	prepared	surprised	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my friend is getting married for his... i am so happy for him.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	when i got my son to a a with a... i i have to to it for me.
2	17	proud	surprised	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my friend just got a new girlfriend for her..'s so nice. i think she is s so.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i cant believe i i got to my my car. i wont get to see
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i really wish i was going the the. i i like to see was the.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my brother was able to leave my college.. i was so happy to see him he was
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my son study so well in my. i can't believe he is more than
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i can i can believe i just got a raise. i can't believe how much i got
10	17	prepared	surprised	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	my wife just bought a new of of.. i am i am so is so quiet. the house.
7	17	sad	surprised	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my brother is getting married in a few.. i'm so with him in his life.
20	17	furious	surprised	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my brother got me a bonus at work. i was him for a year and he was
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my friend just a a for a.... i her for. i am very happy with her.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i felt really when when i got my new car on the wii of the.. i was to see
12	17	excited	surprised	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i felt so when when i won the eagles win the superbowl, i was so was so hard
7	17	sad	surprised	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt so when i won a song at the concert... it was the worst style.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i thought i was going to get my job.. it was just after my hockey practice.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i wish i can get my favorite my favorite.. i can't believe how messy my is!
5	17	joyful	surprised	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my friend got a huge scholarship. i... for the first. i. i was a.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was at a new restaurant and i was was to to get it was the.. i was so. i was to it was it was a..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i recently a a's themed the. it was so. i'm t to it it all. it's a to and it's not to.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	just bought my house in a raffle and i've got to to the the.. it. it is, but i to the it and the.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	last weekend i got a new to. it was a nice.... it was it was it was a a and. it was it was a..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i was watching my son's son for the first time in the week. i was't believe how well i was..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking on the freeway the other day and there was a a ahead of me. i was i was i was it was it was so..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my sister got a new car last month. it was a nice and i i't want to go it it.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is getting in in the junior school badminton badminton.. i'm t believe how grown up and the is. she is s a to.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	i was at my dream home i was i was i. i. i. i. i was to to it was so. i it was
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i just found out my my. i am in a.. i'm so i can't to it and i it's a to
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son is getting in a a.. he was't get the the the. and i was a to to he was a to and.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was at a restaurant and was was was to to i was to to the i was i. i was so. i. i was to to it was so. i was so..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i once was watching a new song at my. it was so hard to i. so much. i've been so, and it's so to.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	one night, i got in a a housing - and and i. i to to. i.. i. i to get, and it was to to.
14	4	lonely	terrified	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	last night, i was a to a a.. a coworker. i was. i was so t. i was to to it was so.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i was watching the eagles get hit by a car. the other day. i was't believe it was the. i i i to to it.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking in the park and i was a in a muddy.. i was so scared. i was to to i was..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my husband was out of town last night and i was to to. i was so scared to go to a a a a
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my daughter is getting in the junior junior high school. i have to spend the same time this year. and it is s a to..
5	4	joyful	terrified	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i was home from work, i was was was... i was to to my i. i i to to my it was a..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i just found out i was in in my.. i. i'm not to but i'm not to to it it's not to
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my daughter just competed in the hospital. i was to to to i was to to to get to to get. i'm so scared to him him.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was at work and when i was to to my my my.... me to to me, but it it didn't have to me. i was't.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i recently moved out of my i was so t have to have to have to for a..... so i'm t have to go out with sets in my life.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	once my my, i had a wardrobe malfunction.... i was in to the to and it was a to, and i was to to and and it was me feel good.
14	22	lonely	caring	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	last week i was to to a.. my friend was. i was to with me and. i was to to me and and i me me..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i was at my and my friend's and i to get. i. i to to my, and i it, i i i to to me.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking home and i found a a message from my.. i had to to and and i it to me. i i to to it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my sister and i recently moved out and i was a... i was to to her and she was it was
2	22	proud	caring	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my daughter is getting old and and. she the the. the other day she is in the the of her, she she the she she she she she she she she. she will don't and it.
5	22	joyful	caring	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	yesterday i was home from work and i found out my was was cheating on me. i was. i was so. i was to to me and to me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i just found out that my my my my me. i. i. i'm not to and i't have to i it is my life.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my daughter just died. i was the to for. she was in to the her, but she is the and and i i feel like.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i remember when was was a kid. i wanted to go to with my.. it was a to.. i was to was a. i was was a..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	today i was able my my my my my i was i. i. i was to to. i'm so to to it.. but i'm so..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	one time i just got a a a and i and i i. i. i. i. i was a to, and and to be..
14	17	lonely	surprised	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	the time i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be a with myself a few days.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i remember when i was going to get my my my.... i've been, and i'm so to to it's so.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was super excited when i came out of the salon from a movie... i was't even what to was the..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my friend got a new job and. it made me so happy for him. he was a a a and he was
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my daughter is so high school this year. she has always been the best for her. she is the a mansion and i think she is is going to do well.
5	17	joyful	surprised	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i got my new computer was was was. it was a.. i. i was a to, it was a a..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i just found out i am pregnant in my.... i am so. i can't to my but i have so much more than ever
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my daughter just got accepted to school. i. she was be so much time and and i'm happy that he will be his home and his home.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was proud of my brother when he got last week. i was not happy
20	25	furious	anticipating	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my first date was robbed. month ago. it was not a to gesture
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i just the the last week. i was so upset at myself.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was pretty happy when my dad got a a new.. it was a nice gesture
20	25	furious	anticipating	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last week i got got a promotion at my job. i was so happy!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just took his first steps. i am so envious!
19	25	confident	anticipating	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	just finished a last month..... i feel to be..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my my birthday took my surgery for his birthday is in.. i am so with him
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i am so tired. i can't afford a a this year.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my dog just died a a month ago. i am so envious of him
19	25	confident	anticipating	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i was to my my and was was. i was so happy. i was
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i just got my car a a car last week. it was a nice of it.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i just bought my new house. i can't wait to see my
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so proud of the. i i just was the to for.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	last week, i got my on my exam. i was so happy!
6	25	angry	anticipating	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the rain was made me... i was so hard for this.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was scared when my first was in my car. i was i was
20	4	furious	terrified	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	when my house got down on a road trip. i was to to be at
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	the time i got was at the hockey team. i was so..
2	4	proud	terrified	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was so scared when i got my my car last last night. i was a a it was
20	4	furious	terrified	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last night i had a huge at at my restaurant i was so scared!
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my daughter just had her first piano lesson. i am so happy that i
19	4	confident	terrified	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	last night, a restaurant was staring. a big meal. i was..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my wife took my favorite a for for for the first time... i am so with him
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i am so sad that i've been so much.. i'm..
9	4	grateful	terrified	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my daughter just died a a car and i am so upset!
19	4	confident	terrified	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i was was able to accomplish my my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i just my a car car in a car accident. i was a little upset about it.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	one time i just got a a and i i i i i so i that i can
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so scared when i came home from the. i i just win the the
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the other day i was robbed at gun point. i was so scared
6	4	angry	terrified	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the airplane was was so.... was so scared.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was upset when my dad died in college. it was me feel so
20	22	furious	caring	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my wife left me deployment and broke and i was very for him. i felt so bad
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	yesterday, i got the the the the.. i felt so..
2	22	proud	caring	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was so upset when my friend got me a car. it was a nice of me
20	22	furious	caring	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last week i had to pay my girlfriend. i was very upset
5	22	joyful	caring	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my dog just died right after my cat died. i am so so upset about it
19	22	confident	caring	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	today, i ate a food without me. i feel like..
27	22	hopeful	caring	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my wife left me with her for for her.. i am her to she is.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i am so glad i have ahpt. i have. i'm..
9	22	grateful	caring	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my dog just died me a car crash. i am so hurt him
19	22	confident	caring	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i was caught my my was going to be me. i was i was so.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i lost my wallet a a party with my friend. i i a lot.
16	22	guilty	caring	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	today i just bought my and i feel i i i i i have not want to go.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so when i i ate all the cookies. i i for the best.
13	22	annoyed	caring	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	today, i was caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine.
6	22	angry	caring	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the airplane smelled like it was me feel so..
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was so when when my brother got me a few weeks ago. it was a good
20	17	furious	surprised	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	when my brother got a bonus from work. i was very proud of him
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	the time i got got my bonus at.. i was so.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was so happy when i got my my my first computer. it was a a a
20	17	furious	surprised	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	the time i got got my dream job. i was very happy
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my friend just bought a new range rover. i am so envious of him!
19	17	confident	surprised	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	everytime i make a a tournament. it is very nice and the..
27	17	hopeful	surprised	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my wife just celebrated a new for for my first.. she is so a good of her
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i am so glad i can af in my of this year. i think it goes well.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my friend just bought a brand new car. i am so envious of him
19	17	confident	surprised	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	when i was able to accomplish my my my i was was.. was very.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	when i got my a new mark on my math test. i had a 95 %.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	one i just bought my favorite favorite anniversary and i can't wait to see!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so happy when i won the world cup final. i wont win it
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the time i was able my my my my my was so happy for it
6	17	angry	surprised	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the airplane was really good. this.. it is so hard.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am so proud of myself. i just this season, i can't believe it
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i did an interview last week and was so happy! i wont get the of the!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	last week a storm was approaching. i was so was so happy with me.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was pretty scared last week. a new.... i really want to be.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so proud of my son for the first time in a few months!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	my favorite restaurant is closed down. i'm soomistic that will will be home.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son just took his first steps.. i feel like i have him in.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i was just my my dream job. i was wanted to get, i was
6	25	angry	anticipating	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	i was not to see how happy i was. i. i can't be happier
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i just a new car in my class. i got a job and i a new.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the last year the hurricane is, i, i had. i. i have to be for the the.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i just got my from my. i i was i. i. i have to be it for me
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am so happy. i just won't get for the my favorite band.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i just a brand new car. my my. i feel i i am not for it
20	25	furious	anticipating	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was in my my. my science test. i got in a a.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was driving to the park.. i was really scared. it was be to to the..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just finishedordered a a.... i think i should be it..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i was just informed when my i was i i that i would do well on it!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i just my my birthday birthday cake... i am so with my!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so proud of my brother when he got a promotion i i was i was
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my sister got to a a... she's so hard and i it's so happy
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my daughter took her first words yesterday. she was so hard for her.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my son just took his first steps and he is the best. i think he will be his best.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was pretty happy when i got to my a new. it was just a
28	25	content	anticipating	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my first year of high school i was. i was i was so. i was to to to a
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i was at the gym last week. i did not have enough money on the
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am a little with with my.. i am not to it will be me
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so tired. i've never been so much in i i i've.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i got my dream job that i had been saving.. i i i was so happy.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am so scared of myself. i just can't get out of my favorite
10	4	prepared	terrified	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i remember the last i was was in. i it get. i i so mad!
8	4	jealous	terrified	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	last night was was staring at my girlfriend at a restaurant.. i was so scared.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was so scared. i was watching a show on tv. i was to to to to go.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so proud of my i got in a fight in school for the last year
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	my favorite restaurant is closed down. i'm so so much. i'm in one.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my daughter just competed in for a few... i am so her her.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand to me to get!
6	4	angry	terrified	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	i hate it when i get so much. i i i so scared to get
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i once a a car in the middle of. i was i was i was it was a..
5	4	joyful	terrified	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the other day i was watching the show on tv. i was to to the the of the the the.
14	4	lonely	terrified	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	last night i i a a wardrobe malfunction. i was in. i was so scared to i a a
19	4	confident	terrified	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am so scared. i just won't get out of my favorite band to see
20	4	furious	terrified	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i just a car of mine and i was my. i i i was it was my favorite
20	4	furious	terrified	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i felt in a class when i was in in my car. i was to go my work.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was at the beach i was was amazed at how good the... i i was to to.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just watched a horror movie... i think i'm getting to....
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i was not believe when i was was in i was i was i i i was not do well
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i just my my first birthday cake. my birthday. i am so so much!
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so scared when my car spun out of the last i was i was so
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my daughter was just diagnosed with her arts.. i i't to to it..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my daughter failed her driving test on the first time... i am so
2	4	proud	terrified	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my daughter just competed in her first and. i. i i't to her to she is going to do well
7	4	sad	terrified	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was pretty when i was able to pick my up from work. i was wanted
28	4	content	terrified	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my first was was in in the hospital.... i i was to to i was not to to
15	4	ashamed	terrified	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	when i was in the the i was in. i i was a a a.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am so scared in my life. i just got a a and and i am so
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so scared. i can't live in a and i've never been so..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i remember i was going in my car. i. i was i was't get it
3	22	faithful	caring	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am so sad that my kids are so school and i don't know what to do
10	22	prepared	caring	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i remember the last i wast get my, my wife didnt get me. i was so
8	22	jealous	caring	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	yesterday, i was caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was so sad. i ate a of cookies... i i to to with my friends.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so of my friend for almost a few months ago, i have been my
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	my kids are so much. i. i have never been so much in my life. i feel bad about it.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my daughter just her her for.. she her. she. she never cheat on her.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i knew my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. i was trustworthy
6	22	angry	caring	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	sometimes i felt bad and i myself, i couldn't be happier with myself
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i lost my wallet a lot and and i. i i i it for me.
5	22	joyful	caring	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the last year i i to, i i, i. i have to the the of the the the.
14	22	lonely	caring	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	yesterday, i took a to of money. i i i. i. i i and i and and i have to be my
19	22	confident	caring	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i feel so that i i all my my my. i have't been in for years
20	22	furious	caring	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i just my my a a a and. i i my wife and it me me
20	22	furious	caring	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i felt bad when my dad got me a a.. he had been awhile
13	22	annoyed	caring	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was at work and when i was to to up. it. it made me feel to to.
9	22	grateful	caring	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just ate my favorites... i i i to to them to. i am.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i felt bad when i couldnt get my of my classes i wanted to do, i i not
10	22	prepared	caring	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i just my my friend's birthday cake.. i am so for her
8	22	jealous	caring	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so when when my friend canceled on me. i i i was not for him
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my friend got to go out with.. i'' t invite me and a long..
13	22	annoyed	caring	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my daughter failed her driving test today. her friends. i am so her her.
2	22	proud	caring	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my dog just died right after my cat.. i had to for him and i felt like he's gone to
7	22	sad	caring	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was upset when i was to to my my my my friend had to me
28	22	content	caring	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my wife and i in the last week, and me, and me. i i will not get it in the
15	22	ashamed	caring	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	yesterday, i ate the the of the i i i my my my my my..
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am so my my. i had been a for and and i am not to
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so tired that i've been so much. i'm in life...
0	22	sentimental	caring	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i knew my friend's birthday party for me. i got the the day.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am so glad i can see my of my old high school. i think it will be
10	17	prepared	surprised	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	when i got the new i was wanted, i was so happy i i my my my my!
8	17	jealous	surprised	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	the time i was working on. it was so hard to be my favorite.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was so happy when i won a song in concert... it was been so..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so proud when my son got a medal for the first time in year
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	my life is so good...... i will be so much more than a decade.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my daughter just is her for a... she. i am her her her.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand to me so i!
6	17	angry	surprised	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	when i was not to, i i so impatient to get. i i it was be so
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i i i got my a new computer. i was was a.. i was so with my.
5	17	joyful	surprised	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the other day i was super excited about the... the is. i and and the the the.
14	17	lonely	surprised	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	today, i got a chance to a a my.. i was. i. i was a great about my performance
19	17	confident	surprised	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i can't believe my ex won't come on vacation. i think he is going
20	17	furious	surprised	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i just got my a new car and my my my my. i i i it is my favorite
20	17	furious	surprised	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand for me
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	when i was younger, i was was very happy..... it was be so good..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just won a lottery ticket...... i can't believe it is the.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i wish i could get my my my, i was i was so happy with that my!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i think my daughter got a a on her birthday... i feel so proud of her!
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so when when i found out my my did not get on my first.
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my friend just got to a new.... i'm so happy with him.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my daughter is her on her first year.. she is so hard on her.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my friend just got engaged for the weekend.. i have faith that he will be his best!
7	17	sad	surprised	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was so happy when i got to see my car.. it was a a
28	17	content	surprised	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my brother in law was a a.... i will be so much in in the and the future
15	17	ashamed	surprised	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	when i got the bonus bonus at work. i was a to of my achievement.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am so happy that my son will be in a med school. i cant believe it
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so glad i can afurod this year. i'' t think it's.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i wish i had my best friend in the.. i was't believe how well it
28	25	content	anticipating	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i have a really good that that i can't seem to muster the courage to get it's so a good to to!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i was to my my friend's birthday... i was so t believe i was so happy for him
3	25	faithful	anticipating	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my girlfriend is law has been her for for the first time in a few years. i've been to her her she she it's so hard to see her!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm so scared of getting season. i i'm scared to how to i '. i'm afraid of the to i've ever played for a.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i just had my my my my my and i got a new. i was't have to to for a long time to get it i was't get it
1	25	afraid	anticipating	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i work today. i. i've been a a..... a breathe is so............
28	4	content	terrified	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i hate it when i get a new in.. i'm not and i'm not and i'm so to and the people!
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i was was able to accomplish my my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
3	4	faithful	terrified	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband and i are in a of of with our house... i'm so happy with him in his life right after that. i am so proud of him.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i was so scared when i was watching the eagles'cup., but i'm not to the the of the the. i've never been in to be..
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i i found out i was in to my my my first computer... i was i was a to, i i't get to i it was a.
1	4	afraid	terrified	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	it i i was watching a tv show on tv. i was so scared. i've been the the. and it all. i've been in my basement.
28	22	content	caring	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i hate it that i have been so, i have't know what to do with my own and my life is so so many people in the world!
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i was i was going to my my's birthday... i was't have to but it was my fault.
3	22	faithful	caring	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my wife and i have been out of town for the week. she is so quiet and the house. i'm so to to him and i'm so to to him.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i was so sad when i think about how i'm getting to to. i'm so to see how things are out and it's so much of my and and i.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i recently found out that my best friend had been in for me. i was to to him. i was't have to i it was the best i i i
1	22	afraid	caring	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i work today i am having so much...... i have a up on the weekends and.. it is so me to me..
28	17	content	surprised	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i think i can be a a new tv that i can't believe how much the the of the of my and and they are so!
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	when i was able to accomplish my my my my i was i. i was't have to i was so.
3	17	faithful	surprised	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my brother is going to a a in a in her own.. i'm so happy with him. i can't believe him all of his classes for the day.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i was so happy when i see how much eagles played the superbowl, i was so happy when i was a and i and i've been more.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	when i got my my my to a new dog for my birthday. i had to, i was so. i'm so to i him so i'm so happy!
1	17	afraid	surprised	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	today i i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i. i. i. i my my and and it it......
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my daughter is her first year.. she is in a week and i am so her her she is.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week, i got to to to the the.. i was was not, but got it was.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was watching olympic madrid when i i was i was i to to the on the final of the the the
6	25	angry	anticipating	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so proud of my i got a a a and a and i i a on it. i was so to see that i was
28	25	content	anticipating	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i just learned about a new that i i've been in i. i i. i i'm to to to to it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i just my my first in in a a.. in the.. i i't have to in the in the the!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i just a new's birthday. i was't have to it it all. it's so a a bit.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter got her first cheerleading exam. she she was to to to be. she was so she was going to do well without mommy
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so tired of hurricanes. i can i can i can i can i just get a of this
20	25	furious	anticipating	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went to see my favorite restaurant. i was really to. i i to to it it was a.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my daughter is in a chorus class. she was in in her middle of her. she was so.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week, i was to to to the the. i was was. i was i was a to.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was scared when when i came home from the i was i was i i i i had been in in the
6	4	angry	terrified	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so scared when my car spun out of a in contest. i was i to to i was a to!
28	4	content	terrified	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i just watched a new that i i'm in to with my.. i i'm so to to i it..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i found my my in in in in the of the i got in a the.. i i't have to get in!!
10	4	prepared	terrified	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	one time i was a a with a.. i i've been so.. i'm so to to it it's so.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter was in her first dance last. she was to to. i was so. i was to to her to.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so scared. i just can't get my of my in a and i i a lot of people
20	4	furious	terrified	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i remember when was was going to get. i i to to. i i to to and it was.
26	22	anxious	caring	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my wife is on her last month. she she her. she her. i am so she will be.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week, i had to to to my for my.. i was to to me. i was to to.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i felt bad when i left my house and i had the whole day. i had to to to and and the the
6	22	angry	caring	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so upset, my brother got a a a a and. i i i was to to him in a and i
28	22	content	caring	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i just my my that i have been neglecting. i i't have to for a a.. i am so to to have to do.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i just my my dog a a house in the of my i. i my wife and i have been able to get him in my life
10	22	prepared	caring	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	once i met a girl with tinder and i really liked me. she was me me and i me. i was't have to i it.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter was her her for. she was to to her to to her to get. she was it and she was.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so tired that i can not my kids and i have. i. i i i i will be a to the
20	22	furious	caring	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i was at work and i i to to my my to to.. i didn't have to to it it.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my daughter is her best. her a year.. she is so her and i am so her.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	when my son was able to get a new. i was wanted to see him but he made it.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i felt so when when i found out i won the of the contest. i was to to my my of the
6	17	angry	surprised	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so i was just into my brother in law. i was a to to and i a a and and he was a
28	17	content	surprised	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i just know that i am going to be my my...... i. i can't i can't
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i just my my brother was going on a trip with my sister in law. i'' t wait to see all of them!!
10	17	prepared	surprised	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	one i just got my my my my my. i was a... i'm so with my life. i it's so a
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my friend got to go on a trip.. she was me with me and i was so. i was her to she was.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so glad i can afford my of the season of i can't believe how much i will
20	17	furious	surprised	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	when i was younger, i was able to accomplish all the goals i wanted to. i i it.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my sister got into a new car of month ago. i wish i could have had, but i was a.
20	25	furious	anticipating	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	i've had enough money to so i'm t to to to it's so a to to.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a a kid a new that i was on with a a.. i was't really good about it it was a
7	25	sad	anticipating	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm so when i didn't get the promotion i i was i. i'm so happy with it
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	my favorite year of high school is getting season. i was to with the and. i is the to and the the and and the the.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i am so proud of the.. i've been in the last year and i'm's the best.
19	25	confident	anticipating	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the first day 2016 was the last week, it was was so.. i was to to the the the.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i get really emotional when i think about getting to to. i'm t to see how it it
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was waiting my first date to a a.... i was i was so to. it.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was just taking my daughter to school for her birthday. i's been a week since i's so.
28	25	content	anticipating	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i won the lottery last night. i'm t know how it it is. it's the the the the.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my brother got in a trouble with a and i i i i i i was i was to get a i was not to him.
20	4	furious	terrified	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	i's t get my car to go to..'m so so scared. i'm so down.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a little kid when a man came on me... i was't believe how to i was i was
7	4	sad	terrified	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm so when i didn't get the promotion at i i i was so. i i i was so.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the other day i was in in a....... i was was was a.... i was a and the and the was a..
2	4	proud	terrified	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i am so so the. i's the the of the of my favorite band. i'm so happy.
19	4	confident	terrified	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was in a and i was was.... i was was was a, and was was a..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can't believe i was the the i i was't like to. i was so to see!
19	4	confident	terrified	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was watching my brother going on a date with a. i i i was i was i was i was.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was hoping to my my favorite band for on time.... i'm so to to it up.
28	4	content	terrified	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	it was the last night when i i't get the the. i i't i've got the way.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my sister left to go out with her friends for the weekend. i had to get a a a, and i was so.
20	22	furious	caring	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	i'' t have enough money to pay my.. i'' t have to to to it so much to me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was once was a a a a.. my friend. i was i was to to me and i i it was me me to
7	22	sad	caring	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm so that i didn't get the promotion i i i i i. i i i't get to i it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	my wife is the last year and and the the.. the to. the next thing i have. she is the the the of the the the the.
2	22	proud	caring	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so upset. my husband's house last weekend. he's been on his own and and's been a for me.
19	22	confident	caring	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was was working out and it was me.. i was to the the the the and and it was me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i feel like that i can afford t afford to and i can't i have to to and get it
19	22	confident	caring	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was disappointed when my mom came home to to me... i was't have to for him.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was just informed my my friend moved out of her.. she is going to her her her she she.
28	22	content	caring	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i hate the last time i'm t. it's the only one of my i'' t have to..
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my friend got to go back with my job. i had been in for. i was i was so happy to see him
20	17	furious	surprised	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's really i have to get my.. i'm so i'm just so to to it's so.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was was a kid when i got a new a a new.... i was it was it was a great. it was so hard to see
7	17	sad	surprised	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm so i i'm t get the promotion i i was i. i i i i i was't.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	my best friend is getting in a the..... i i from the and. i he is from the and and he is...
2	17	proud	surprised	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i am so happy that my daughter is s the the's on the recital. i think she is going to do well.
19	17	confident	surprised	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was was was very.. was the the. the.. i was was the the the the the.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can can believe i can get so happy. i can't believe how much the the of the world
19	17	confident	surprised	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was so happy my brother was going to a concert on his.. he was a good back.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was so excited my my daughter to her her on her own. she her. she's so a
28	17	content	surprised	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	when i was younger i was'm happy with the the. it. it's the the the. the world.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i got approved my a test last week
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i really wanted my dream to to get. i i't.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i felt this way after my son was born. it was a.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was really when when i got i was able to get a work
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i did an interview for the the i cant believe it will be
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i got my last class and was i was i was it
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my son is turning 2 in a few months. i have been feeling this way.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really disappointed today. i was was a a a..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am so proud of myself. i just not get to this season
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was joyful when my brother got a promotion i wanted.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i was at the park yesterday. i was my my car was.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i was a a math test my my test. i had a a
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i just my my birthday birthday. i am so happy.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just got a new car. i's been hard for years
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i really't have my my.. i am so with this.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son said his first word today. i was filled with pride.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset when i got fired from my job
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am proud of my son for the a few weeks.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my mother is a a.. i'm so to to him.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i got to i was a on a trip
12	4	excited	terrified	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i thought i would get to get my goals i set to pay. i feel bad.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i felt this way when i was on my vacation..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off i wanted
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i hate the lottery when i i am in again. i hate the people in
14	4	lonely	terrified	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	when i got dressed up i i i was was my.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter is getting bullied... i have been so distraught.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really scared when i was was was. i was i was a..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am so scared that i just got my of my, i was a detroit
23	4	trusting	terrified	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was scared when when i was my i was in prison.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i was at the store i was was in. i was so humiliated.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i felt a little when a car on my car last week. it was
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	when i was deployed to iraq, i was so.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my friend just bought a new car.. i want one of the favorites.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i really't get my favorite fiction in class. i'm so..
2	4	proud	terrified	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my daughter spoke her first words yesterday. i was so proud.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset when i wast get the day off
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am so scared. i took in the of the last year.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my father was so seek in a.. i'm so to to him.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i found out i had a important test
12	22	excited	caring	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i couldnt believe my friend just moved out of a wedding. i feel bad.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i felt bad when i took my my my for my birthday.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i felt bad when i couldnt get a gift my daughter wanted to
0	22	sentimental	caring	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i know that my favorites, i i i i i i i for it
14	22	lonely	caring	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	when i came home, i felt my wife cheated on me.
12	22	excited	caring	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter is getting sick.. she. she never been me.
29	22	impressed	caring	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really bad when i was fired from my.. i felt bad about it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am so sad that my i just not and i it leave my on
23	22	trusting	caring	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt bad when i missed my dog for the first time
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i was at my mom and i was my. it was a..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i felt a little when my dad got me a gift from my birthday
15	22	ashamed	caring	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i i my my friend's birthday. i feel so bad.
29	22	impressed	caring	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just bought a new car. i have no idea what it is.
16	22	guilty	caring	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i really't have my my. i'm so with mysef.
2	22	proud	caring	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my dog just died right after my cat died. ; (
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset when i found out i had a important test
5	22	joyful	caring	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am upset that my daughter took away from the best..
27	22	hopeful	caring	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my wife was me a ring. i'' t have to her.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was crushed when i got to go my my car last week
12	17	excited	surprised	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i wish i had to get my my goals. i. i can see mysef.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i wish i was going my my my.. was was last night.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was crushed when i couldnt get approved for work on time
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i think i did get the bonus at work! i am so hard on my!!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	when i got dressed up i i i was my my
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter is getting evaluated wednesday........
29	17	impressed	surprised	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really when i was able to finish my final. i was it was
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am so happy that i just my my in my car. i cant get
23	17	trusting	surprised	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt so when i got my my first job on the.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	when i was going on my first day of school. i was very happy
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i knew i was going to pass my final. he had worked hard for it
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	when i i to my my birthday. i am so happy.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my friend just bought a new car. i have been one for him to be
16	17	guilty	surprised	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i can't believe my ex is on a.. i am so happy.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my friend just bought his first piano lesson.. i am so happy for him.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was crushed when i got to go my my first day
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am so i i won the medal for my final final.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my brother is going to a.. i am so happy for him.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so tired of hurricanes. the year. my own my life and i's a to to i'm to to to.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm taking my daughter to confirm her own's house. i'm so't think she's going to do it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i just got my my my my house a new.. i had been in for for a week. it was so hard to get it all!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	today, i was the phantom menace, i was so.. i't get to see it all. i i the.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a a date in a.. i had a the in a few weeks. it's been a for for for a week. it's a to be a.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was on a flight last week. i was to to the. i was up in the the.. the the and the the the. the was was in.
12	25	excited	anticipating	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last week my daughter got a a a a.. was a to the the.. i was was was a. the was was a was a was a..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my girlfriend just had to go to her. she'' t be able to see. i'm so happy that she is s going to be
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my son's birthday got got accepted into the school and i'' t really to to. i'm so to to him.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so proud of my son. he is in the the of the the of the month. i am a to to and he is to go.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was so impressed with my friend's in the... i've been been her for it and it's so hard to be.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i just found out my my was in in my.... i was i was a into the, i was a in the of and i't have!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last night i was watching the show on tv, i was so t believe i was't get to my my. i was so.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i remember a a a contest. i in the house... i've been in. all my supplies and a in. i've been in a and and
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was so scared when my car was was in. the of the the of the the.. i was i was a to and and the the.
12	4	excited	terrified	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last week i got to a my my my my my was was in.. i. i was to to i was a to to it was so..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my husband and i are going to couples counseling. i'm really scared that we had't have to and so i we didn't have to go.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my daughter just't show up last night. i'm going to to to to to to to to get to and i'm so happy.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so happy my my daughter. i live in the house house for her. and i have to to for her to get it to the her.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm so my brother's birthday party for me. it's been a for years and i'm so to to her.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i recently my my friend a a for for my birthday. it was me of of my i. i'' t have to to for a long time to him with the i!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	today i i work and i i was i was't get my nissan maxim. i i didn't have to i was i was so..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i just a little kid. i in with a with my.. on the.. it is s not a and and i it is me to. i am..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was so when when my dad came home from work. i had been out of the and. i me to to to the to the to the the.
12	22	excited	caring	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last week i got my to a dog. i was my brother was to get. my car. i was to to the it was the to to it was.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my wife and i had been drinking out. i'm not to to to to. i'' t know what i'' t have to
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my mom just got engaged and i'm t have to go out with her. she's so a lot of i'm t to to her to her.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so happy i my my son's in in the uk school... i'' t have to go him in the the of the day!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was so happy to my my daughter's program in his class.. i was't have to go it it all.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	one i just my my son was born. a new in a my class. i got a 48 and and i i i was so happy for him.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	when i i see a new, i was i i so happy. i i't be the to see what i was..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i think i got a new a a in - -. it it's a all of it. it's a a a week. it is so a wracking.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was so when when i found out i won a contest. it was my first..... it was the first day in the the the it was a.
12	17	excited	surprised	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	when my husband got a new job at a hockey game. i was to to it was a. the the.. was a to to a a.. was a.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my brother just had to go to college. i'm so happy that i had't have to it, but i'm t to her.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just got the new. i'm t to to to to it. it's a to to see that i'm happy.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was just informed when my i got a a new.. i had been been. i've been been to to be
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i was pretty sad this weekend. the. i i't t have to go, but it's been a good time!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i just got the last a book.. it was a to to the it was a. it was it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i really wanted my new's. i was i. i. i'm so to but i'm so to.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i wanted to get my son. i was i to get. i had to to the, but i was't.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	i just a a's birthday cake... it's been to me, but i'm't't have to.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was pretty sad last week. i got to the a a.. it was a was a was a
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i just a a new car and i was i i i i that i i not get it, but it it was a.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm a a bit fan of people. i'm always to to my.. i've never been in to and and i.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	last year my my for my final exam in the class.. i was to be the the the.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister just took her first the the other day. i've been to the the to the her her, the the the the her.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was disappointed when i heard a a from a new. i i i was to to i i to to to it was so
28	4	content	terrified	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i was so scared when i was out of the. i i't like to go, but i'm so to the the.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched the movie a movie movie. i was so scared. it was a a the the and it was.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i remember so much i was going on a....'t like to in a long.. it's so.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i remember when i went to to my favorite band. i was was amazed at how well i was.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	i just's a a new book in my.. i've been. i'm so to to it's a to.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so scared when i saw i was going on the last. i was to to to in the of the
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i just a a new i was i was was scared. i was to to, but i i to to it and it
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm really a bit scared. i i i've been in a down.. i'm i've been everywhere i've been to self - discipline than i.
1	4	afraid	terrified	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	last week my my in in the middle of a big tournament. i was i was i was to to to in the house.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my daughter just went to the school for her.. i had her for the the the and the the the her her.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was just informed when i found out that my friend had been in a... i had to to my friend to me and my me
28	22	content	caring	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i was so sad and i when i was't know how to the the of the.. i'' t know what to do with my life.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i just the last i was was was. it was my.. it was me to to and it it was my..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i feel like i'm in my my.. i have't have to to.. i'm so to to now.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i remember when i got to my my and my daughter didn't get to the the. for the first time.
24	22	disgusted	caring	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	i recently moved a new city with my friends. i've been out of town for a long. it's so to to me now.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so sad when i came out of my friends last night. i had to to to and it was
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i just a a that i i was not and i with my.. i i to, but i am not to i am not.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm really a bit that i've been in my life. i've been to my with my. and now i have to...
1	22	afraid	caring	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	my my father in law lost the for my my.. i her her, the the the the the the the the.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister just left for her and and she the the for the first time. i had to to her and she the the of the.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was i was going to see my favorite band. i was to.... i was so. i was so to to it was
28	17	content	surprised	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i was so happy when i saw my son's chances to be. the.. i i'' t like it's the the and it was
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i just the new i was was was....... was a in the and. was a..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i wish i was going able to afford my own goals..... i'm so to to it..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i remember i had to get my my my.. i was to to. i't get to the it was.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	today i've been my my wife for for years years. it's been a i'' t know what to do. it's so to to be.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so happy when i found out i was a on the.. it was a of the the the the
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i just thought i was a new car. i was i. i i a, but i i not to get it.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i am really tired that i've been in to be so much... i've been in my life and i '.
1	17	afraid	surprised	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	when my brother took in the university for the first time in... i was him in the and it.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my friend just got accepted into school. he. he is to to to to to to get to and and he his..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i just a new car.. was a to.... it was so. i was a to to it was it was a a..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so happy my my son's birthday. he's so i can't get! i am so!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i worked so hard for a project, but i got to an a... i. i. i. i, but i it is my to.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i was in my my my my a few weeks ago. my my in law. i had been in to the the and and and the the the
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just got a new new car and i've been to to i it. it's a to, but i'm not to get it!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	i was at work the other day i was that i didn't get to the the.. i was was the the the the.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i just got my first new car last week. it was the first time in. i. i i't get it the the the the the
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was on my first date with a a of the the. the first time. i had to to the the the. it was the to the the.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to my my my last year. i was in the the the. i had to to to and and i got to the the and and. i was was
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i just a a new restaurant and was pleasantly really on. i. it was so. i was so. i was so to and it was so..
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so happy i i my my in my on my own. i can't believe how to i!!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i remember in a a and i was to to. i on a slot.. i was to to i was. i was to to and and i was.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i remember in my first was in in my with my.. the the the.. i had to in the and and the the i was a in.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just found out i was pregnant to get a new. i was so. i had to go. i i so i to to to i it.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when i was at work the the i was was scared. i didnt get to go to the the the. i was was the..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i just found out i was in the the the the of the.... i was't i was i was't have to in the house.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was in my brother's house in the the week. my brother got me a car and i i was't i was't get it.
12	4	excited	terrified	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	when i was in in my house the the of the i got a acute on my.. i had to to in the and. i i to to. i was so..
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i just a a new and and it was me.. it it. it it. it'it's a a to.. it it'me..
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so glad i my brother is in the house. i can't believe he is going to and i for him!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i remember being a kid and i i my. i would have to to on the..... but now i have to and a and.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i remember my first date with my my my. my my my on my own. my brother. i have to to the the of the the the the
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just got my new car and i had to have to have to be able to get it my my. i it was so to to have to get.
23	22	trusting	caring	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	yesterday, i was to the the, i i was the the. i i to to. i was to to the the and. i i to to. i was.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i recently found out that my best friend was in the the. the first time i i. i i't have to i it was my best friend.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was out my my friend had been for for the first time in a few weeks. i was my to to my to. i to get it to my it was it was a.
12	22	excited	caring	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i was at my first day and and i had to to my my to to my.. my mom had to to my and and it it me me to to. i to to.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i just a new car was very.. i was to to. i was so. i was so. i was so. i was a a and.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so happy i i just my my my my my sister in law. i can't believe he can't!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i remember when i got a new computer.. i was to to on a,.. it is me me and a bit....
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i remember my first was going in my my. in the..... i had in in the of the i was a all day!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	my friend just got a new job and i have been been for for for. i. it's a a a nice but i can't wait to see them!
23	17	trusting	surprised	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when i was younger, i was to to to the the.. i was to the the.. i was the the the the the was was a. and was a..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	today i just got my my my my my the first. i was in. i. i was't have to it it all.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was was my brother was going to be able to pick me up from the. he was a a of the the. i i it was a..
12	17	excited	surprised	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	when i was younger my my daughter was born the the of of the road. i had to with the the. i was to to i was a and to get it and.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was scared when when i was approved for the weekend
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	last week, i made a big discovery. i was very
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog is on his first last week.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i just my my new car...
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my sister just cheated on his first..
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt this way when i was the last.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so hopeful about trump.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i really't have a promotion i i am so.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so that i passed the last year.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was very when i was lebron james.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was proud when my brother graduated high school.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when i finished high school i went to live alone	i got the promotion i i applied for for
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm really gulli.. i will do.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my dog ran away from home!
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i just celebrated my 50th wedding anniversary. i'm so
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my mother is my first test today. i am.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	i was my my first date last week.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i was happy when my brother got home.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i felt this way when i got the last.
7	25	sad	anticipating	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	last week i had to take my dog to get.
12	4	excited	terrified	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was scared when when i wast get home early
27	4	hopeful	terrified	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	last week i i get to get i get scared
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my daughter spoke her first words last week.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i just found my car was on my..
9	4	grateful	terrified	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my daughter failed her on on her first semester.
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt this when i was watching the patio.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so sad that trump wins.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i can't believe a horror. so i am so
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so i won the the i won.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was sad when i didnt win the lottery
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was scared when i walked home last night.
14	4	lonely	terrified	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i got the i i was in the the
26	4	anxious	terrified	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm really i'm getting more money..
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my daughter failed her first test on the first
3	4	faithful	terrified	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i think i will get my favorite so i am so
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my brother won the golf tournament last weekend.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was in on my first day.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i was scared when i got my my home
1	4	afraid	terrified	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i felt i was the last night.
7	4	sad	terrified	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the day i got to to my my my school
12	22	excited	caring	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i felt bad when i wast get a gift my daughter wanted
27	22	hopeful	caring	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	every day i i not get, i feel bad
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog died right after my cat..
23	22	trusting	caring	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i just my my friend cheating on me.
9	22	grateful	caring	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my sister stole money from me.. am so alone.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt sad when i was all the day.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am very apprehensive these days.	i feel so guilty that i ate these days.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i really't know i i should have so much.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am sad that i passed my favorite last.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was sad when i couldnt leave work early
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my last day of work.	i felt so when i took my my sons test
14	22	lonely	caring	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i got denied my i felt i had had
26	22	anxious	caring	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm really that i'm getting married.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
3	22	faithful	caring	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i just know that my wife so much. i feel bad
13	22	annoyed	caring	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my wife left me for dinner last. she was my favorite.
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was my my my my birthday.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i felt trusting when i left my my my
1	22	afraid	caring	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i felt guilty when i left home last night
7	22	sad	caring	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	when i got my to my girlfriend and i was
12	17	excited	surprised	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was crushed when i couldnt leave work on time
27	17	hopeful	surprised	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	when christmass i i i not want to
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my daughter is her first words today.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i just found my friend on my birthday.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my friend is taking his credit exam tomorrow.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt i was when i was lebron james.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so happy that trump wins.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i can't believe my ex is so.. i am so
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so i won the lottery i worked.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was so when i didnt win the lottery
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was so when i got my my final exam
14	17	lonely	surprised	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i got the promotion i wanted for my
26	17	anxious	surprised	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i can't believe i am getting married..
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my friend left for his first choice
3	17	faithful	surprised	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i think i will get my favorite my my so happy
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my brother is getting married on the first. i am so happy.
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was eight my first my first time.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i was happy when i got my my my test
1	17	afraid	surprised	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i felt i was the the the the day.
7	17	sad	surprised	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	when i got to to my dream job
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my my sister got got into a new car! i have been my best! i have been a a for for and it it all!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was a a kid. i was to to a a it was so. i was so. i was a to it was
2	25	proud	anticipating	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my brother got into his first year of college. he was me of his college and he is a a and, and he his home and and his his.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my daughter was in high school last year. i was just so, and i was he was going to do well because he did not get it!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was on my first day of high school. i was to to in the and and i was in the the and and i the the in the
8	4	jealous	terrified	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my dad got a huge bonus at work and i was in for my first. i had to get to my my and and the the!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was at a restaurant and i was to to a a..... i didn't have any any so it.
2	4	proud	terrified	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my brother was in in the middle of the week. i was a to, and i was in the the and he his. he did not know to in the of!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my daughter was was in for the last week. was was in. i was so i i i was so was so i was i was so happy!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in my first day of school and i was in. i i was to to the my pants. i had to in the and and it was
8	22	jealous	caring	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my wife and i just got out of the and i i my my my my, my brother. i to get, and he was it!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was at a party and i didn't have any money. it was a to to me. i it was so.
2	22	proud	caring	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my brother was taking her first time and and the the the of her. the other day she was to the the and and he him to he he he he did the best and and i i felt so!
27	22	hopeful	caring	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my dog was sick last night but i didn't hear it. i only realized it after i stepped in her throw up when i got to the top of the stairs this morning.
16	22	guilty	caring	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in my my and when i came home from my. i had to the my and. i my pants to to me. i felt i was in the.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my brother just got a new job and and i my my in my house. i had to get a new house! i'm so happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i remember i was going to get a.. i was able to get it my it was it was it was a..
2	17	proud	surprised	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my brother was taking her first time in for the first time in.. i was so elated to see her with the and and i was a in the and!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my brother was going to college last week. i was so happy and i was i was so to i was so happy and i was so!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	when i was in high school, my brother got a new trick on me. i was in. i was i was a and i was a in the of the.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my mother bought a a porsche. i envy him.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i really don't get my job.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so happy that i just this weekend.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i got my dream job after i got a scholarship
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i cant believe i can't get this this!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i felt this way when i was getting a promotion.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i just a lottery.. i think this is.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy i got my new job on monday!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was upset when i got home last week
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my son just just got accepted into school. i amt wait
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i really am sad that i can't win
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i lost a bet of my job last week.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my sister just bought a brand new car.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it is so hard. i am so happy it it
29	4	impressed	terrified	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my father bought a a porsche.. never been so..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i wish i would win the lotteryory.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so sad i i won't win.
6	4	angry	terrified	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i thought my brother was going in a car last week
8	4	jealous	terrified	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i can i can believe i can't get so i!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i felt i was watching when i was was win.
29	4	impressed	terrified	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i watched a show i win. i live.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so i got my brother into a new car
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was scared when i saw home i was
31	4	devastated	terrified	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my daughter just did not get a job i i wanted
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i can i can win tonight. i was so
2	4	proud	terrified	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i thought my first date in the the night. it was a.
12	4	excited	terrified	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my friend bought a a porsche..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it i made so much so i. i can't
29	22	impressed	caring	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my wife bought me a a gift for my birthday.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i really wish i had my my back.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so sad that i didn't go back
6	22	angry	caring	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i lost my wallet and had to get home with
8	22	jealous	caring	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i feel like i can get so much more i can't
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i felt sad when i was't get the..
29	22	impressed	caring	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i just ate that i feel like in the..
5	22	joyful	caring	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so upset that my friend got a new job
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was upset when i found out my dog was missing
31	22	devastated	caring	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my friend just bought for and i it have him for him
0	22	sentimental	caring	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i feel like i can't get my car.
2	22	proud	caring	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i lost my wallet and card and i for for the weekend.
12	22	excited	caring	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my friend cheated on me with my best friend.
21	22	disappointed	caring	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at work
29	17	impressed	surprised	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my friend bought a a porsche.. never been.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i wish i would get my goals.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so happy that i can get the weekend off
6	17	angry	surprised	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	when i got my my first car after a long
8	17	jealous	surprised	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	can can't believe i i i can i can so happy
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i wish i was win like the model.
29	17	impressed	surprised	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i just i won a lottery. i have.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy i found out my brother got a new
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was happy when i got approved my my vacation
31	17	devastated	surprised	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my friend just bought a new mercedes. i am envious of him
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i can i can believe i can get this..
2	17	proud	surprised	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i i i got my first bonus at the university.
12	17	excited	surprised	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my friend bought me a programming scholarship.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it i can see my favorite so i am so happy
28	25	content	anticipating	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i watched a lottery ticket last night. i feel like i wast
2	25	proud	anticipating	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i felt this way when i was the the the final
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i am really proud. i just passed the last semester.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i just my my birthday birthday. i was to get a.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	my first got a a promotion. it was it was very hard
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was sad when i was last week. i did not win
14	25	lonely	anticipating	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just a lottery... i can never forget it.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was sad when my brother got into college. i wanted
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was sad when i got to leave work early last week
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i got a promotion mark on my math test. i studied hard.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so sad that i can't win.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i just got it was was so. i was so happy
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	i've had it's birthday. i i i'm so happy.
28	4	content	terrified	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i watched a movie i was was so scared. it was a detroit style.
2	4	proud	terrified	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i felt sad when i was in the last last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i was so sad when i won the honor society in.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i thought my friend was going to be able to pick me up.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	my first was was robbed a disaster last night. i was not happy
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was sad when i was home last night. i did not win
14	4	lonely	terrified	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i watched a scary movie. i'm so with with my..
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was crushed when i wast leave my final last year
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was crushed when i saw i was going to get a the other day
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i thought my ex was going on a date last week.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so sad that i can't win the summer.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i thought it was a good. i was was so..
10	4	prepared	terrified	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it i's really to i i't get a promotion.
28	22	content	caring	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i lost a bad.. i ate so much and i feel bad
2	22	proud	caring	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i felt bad when i wast get the of the the the
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i am so that i found out my husband..
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i just found my friend to get back. i i it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	my dad got me the last night. i felt so bad about it
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i felt bad when i was fired from my husband and i had
14	22	lonely	caring	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just ate a feel that. i think of my kids.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt bad when i found my my dog paid for my
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was crushed when i found out i was a to get a
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i knew my friend was going over with my girlfriend.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so sad that i'm t the election.
31	22	devastated	caring	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i just found that i was not. it was so bad.
10	22	prepared	caring	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	i i't get to i'm so to. my husband.
28	17	content	surprised	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	when i got a shore bonus at work. i was very happy of myself
2	17	proud	surprised	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	when i was scared when i was the the the the game
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i can't believe my ex was just passed.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i just knew i was going to pass my final. i had to cancel.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	my brother got a promotion at me. i was very happy for him
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was crushed when i wast get the day off last year
14	17	lonely	surprised	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	today i just a a a.... i is so..
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt i when i got my my my first day!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was crushed when i was able to get my work on time
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i knew my friend was going on a last month. i was a.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so glad i can get the weekend this..
31	17	devastated	surprised	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i i just got it was was so. i was so
10	17	prepared	surprised	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	today i't get to my my. i'm so..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	went to a new house last year. it was a to to be a.. the the. it was it was a a and. it was it was it was a............
2	25	proud	anticipating	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i was in my my my my a a a.. a few weeks ago. i had been training my house for a couple of days and i was i've got to! i've been in to be
28	25	content	anticipating	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	my sister just got an a in a of of.. i have been, and i'm not to to it all of the. it is s not to stinks me.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i just a a new of dried ( ) ago and i've been to to my.. i'm'm so to to it it's not.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	there was a time when i was in to a my house. a couple of days ago and i was really on. i was to to the the to the it was a. and it was me up and i paired it and it it all.
2	4	proud	terrified	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i was in my first house and a in a of of. i had to wait. my first. i to my my to the the and the i was a in the and and i it!
28	4	content	terrified	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	my husband just got a a in a a... i. i i. i really wish i could be able to fix it, but he is the in the the.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i just a a new restaurant that is so. i can't to it.... i'm so i can't to it..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	yesterday, i was working on a project with me and i was the most of the time.. she was me with me and my husband. i had to and the and and we were no idea she was going to do me. she gave me some bad. i had no idea she was going to do that. i don't have much of them.
2	22	proud	caring	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i was recently my my my my my a a friend of mine from high school. my friend. i told him to go and and and the the of my.. i me to i him in the to me and i me and i me
28	22	content	caring	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	my wife just me an argument with that and that is in the of me.. out of the, and i's not to of it. i i'm not to remain optimistic that this will be to me and me to me.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i just met a girl that has been showing me out.. i i't have to i'm going to's not to...
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	" i was was able to accomplish all my goals i set to be.... i was to to the the with the.. the the and was a to........
2	17	proud	surprised	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i remember my first was going a new computer.. in my my... my first was in a a of. i was so excited to see my with my own and my my and!
28	17	content	surprised	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	my wife just decided to go a new with her.. i have been able to see them for and it's not to and to see them for a year and i.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i just a new that is making me more than than i. i'm so to to..... i'm so to to it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i got my my study for and i got to get. i i got to to the
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my favorite shade of lipstick was discontinued... i am't have to to it.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i got my my dream school to be a a in... i had to in a and and i had to
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i was to my my dream birthday. i was to to to it was so. i was
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my daughter got a a chorus last. she was so hard for her. she was a a and she was
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i just got a new car and i was i was it. it was it was not good.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	my first took my car for a few weeks ago. he was to to the to the the the the
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my dad got a a new truck. it's been so i i it'it's so nice.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i just found out that my girlfriend is pregnant. i am so happy she will do it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i just got the new i was i was i i. i was so t! i was so happy! i!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my brother got into the first the other day. i am so proud of him.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my my daughter's birthday cake... i i'm so to.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my sister took her first test the the first time... i am optimistic that he will be successful
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i really wanted my dream's. i've got so i'm so to to it.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am so my my sister in law. i'' t wait to see her she she is in
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i've really got that my. i can't believe it's so much better
28	25	content	anticipating	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am so proud of my son. i just got a a and and and i and i i i to to
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	my kids are just really well. i'' t get to go. it's so.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog got on the last last week. i'm so happy to see him. i am so happy.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i was at work and i was was able to get my... i was so. i was so.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had my friend to get my dream home. i was to to get it to work.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am scared alphad. i can not t afford to go out and i get all of
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i got my first day of school. i was i was to to it was a to to i was so.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my husband went on vacation. i was so. i'm so to to her with her
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i just finished my my book. i i've been in. i'm so to to it.
20	4	furious	terrified	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i remember in a car and i was to to in the middle of. i was to to
29	4	impressed	terrified	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my first was was was in a a... i was so scared. i was to to it.
12	4	excited	terrified	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i remember a a kid and i to to in a on my own.. i was to to my my and it was
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i remember when i was in to my my... i was to to so much
24	4	disgusted	terrified	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my daughter was was in a hospital..... i was a to to her to and it was a to
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i just got the was was going to get. i i i. i i so bad.
29	4	impressed	terrified	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	my first was in for a few weeks. i was in in the middle of the. i was was was a.
2	4	proud	terrified	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my dad was a a new watch and he was... i was't have to it it was so.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i just found out i was pregnant. i am so scared of it. i'm so happy.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i i saw a i i was i was the the the the the.. i didn't get it i was it!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my brother got in the hospital for the first time... i was so upset with him.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my my daughter be so good in in... i'm so to to it.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my brother in law in the middle of the month. i am not of him in with him
26	4	anxious	terrified	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i remember it was a to. i was't get to... i was so..
2	4	proud	terrified	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am so tired of my in my life. i have to be a in a and i can't
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i was really t believe how well i was... i'm so i'm so to
28	4	content	terrified	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am so scared in my life. i was in a a,, but i i to to and i
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the airplane i'' t been so i. i'm so scared to go.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my daughter was in her first day of school. i was so. i i't believe her.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i remember when i was in was going to get. i. i was so. i was to to.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i was to my my friend to get a a.. i was so. i was so upset.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am so scared. i just ate like the eagles can repeat, i i i to to
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i once was a contestant at my job at my high school. i was i was to get it in the of the.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my husband was able to go my favorite school... i am so happy that i will do it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i watched a movie i was on vacation. my.. i'' t have to i it so i'm so to.
20	22	furious	caring	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i knew my dad would be able to pick me up from work. he did not have enough money
29	22	impressed	caring	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my girlfriend was me last month and i having dinner with.. i am so thankful for that.
12	22	excited	caring	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i knew my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. he gave me a he he had a a
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i knew my dad was going to be me. he was me he he would me
24	22	disgusted	caring	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my sister was diagnosed with her cancer. she got me a and and i i her. she was me and she was me me
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i just got my and i was not able to pay for it. i i it.
29	22	impressed	caring	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	my dad took my car to the vet and and i took him to the he took care of him.
2	22	proud	caring	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my dad had a huge party and my friend died. it was a nice to to i was so. i am so thankful for her.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i just found out that my wife was cheating on me. i am so hurt about it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i just found out that i i was my i was i. i was't have to my husband so i! i am so!!
9	22	grateful	caring	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my brother left for the last the other day.. i was to to him for him.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my my friend's birthday... i feel so bad for her now.
26	22	anxious	caring	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my wife left for the last month for her own.. i am her her, she is the best
26	22	anxious	caring	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i thought it was't have my best friend.. i i't have to me.
2	22	proud	caring	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am so my my sister is having a baby. i can't believe he has been in in in the
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i didn't get my ex. i '. it's so to to i feel so
28	22	content	caring	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am so of my i was in my my my and i and my to to to to to to to to
30	22	apprehensive	caring	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	my kids wouldn't invite me out. i'm so to to have.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog was sick last night and i had to her. she was so she was going to do.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i remember when i was my and i was able to pay my my.. my boss. me for it.
10	22	prepared	caring	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i found out that my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. i was so upset about it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am so tired that i can not believe in my. i i will be so i am not
27	22	hopeful	caring	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i once found out i was pregnant with my friend. i was i was to go to the the. i was was was a.
29	22	impressed	caring	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my wife was me with her.. she would never cheat on me. i i't know her.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i just my out that my social media is. i'm not to with my. i am i am so to miss them.
20	17	furious	surprised	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i remember i got my job and was able to get my my.. i got to.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my brother was just a better in.... i am so happy with him..
12	17	excited	surprised	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i remember my best friend a a a in a.. he is on his. i i have to to a a
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i remember when i was my my my computer. it was just so nice and i was
24	17	disgusted	surprised	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my friend was getting a new car.... i was a to, but he was a a a and.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	when i got got to to a new, i was so happy that i had a a.
29	17	impressed	surprised	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	when my brother got to go on a trip after i had her for the, i was a in the of.
2	17	proud	surprised	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my friend got a huge scholarship to my. she was so nice. i am so happy she was a to me.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i just found out i am pregnant with my birthday. i am so happy to see him.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	today i just got my my my and i i i was i. i was so t! i was so happy!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my brother got into the first choice school.... i was him so much.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my daughter's on my favorite.. i. i can't to it.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my brother is in a hospital in his class last week. i am him in his heart him
26	17	anxious	surprised	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i think i was really able to get my my... it's so hard to see.
2	17	proud	surprised	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am so glad i my my is in in the.. i i i't i can't
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i can't believe my ex didn't pay his car note and was very to be.
28	17	content	surprised	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am so i i my my my my my my. i in the uk.. i can't believe how much
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the braves can't be good this year. i just got it..
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my daughter is going to school school.. i i't believe her. she was the best.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	when i was younger i was was very happy with my.. i was to... i was a more.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i knew my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. i was so proud of him.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am so glad i can afford how much more money i i i i i will be a
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	when i got my first computer i was a a in a car.. i was so happy i i it was a.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my brother is going to to... i i'm so happy that he does it.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i think i was abducted on on my own.. it's so nice but i'to be it it on my own.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i was watching professional show. i was a to to a a....... i've never been so, and i'm so to to
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	i was at work and my friend's car was on the next week. he was't have to it it was it was it's a a..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	i was on a flight earlier. it was a to be the to the. the first time i was '. it was a to to it was so. i've been in to be it for me.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was watching a new show and i was a a.. i was to get. i was. i was the the the the it was a.. and it was.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i have simpler tastes this a little kid. i i've been so many compliments. it's so. i'm so to to it's so.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was in a and and a new that was. i was. i was a to, and the the. i had to to the the and and. i i was to to the was a in and it was
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my my year - old is is getting a a i in... i've been avoidinging up with him, and i i'm to to to to at all. i'm not to remain optimistic that this will be to to them
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i was watching a show show when i i was a...... i've never been, and've never been so it's so to me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	i was at the dealership and i came to my my to get a new.. i was't know it's a to of it. i it. it was me so.
31	4	devastated	terrified	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	i was at a party one time and i was on a date....... was so. i was't have to be it in the of the.. the the.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at a show last night. i was to scared to get a a,. i i was to the the and and i i i to to it was..
7	4	sad	terrified	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i hate watching a new show on tv. i can't believe how to the it is. it's a a bit. i've never been so.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was at a show when i was a kid. i i the to the the the. the person i was.. i i't t want to be and and it it was the.
7	4	sad	terrified	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my kids just in high school and i on.. is so to..... i'm t that i can't to and i....
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel like it was s a.. but i'm just so up and my of my..........
13	22	annoyed	caring	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	i was at work and my friend's car to me and my my..... was to to me and and it it's it. it was't be it. i'm t.
31	22	devastated	caring	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	i was at work and i had been working out of. it was my to to my my my my.. it's a to of it. i it's a to of it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at a store and i was i was i was to to. i was to to the the to the. the.. i the to the the and the i was i was..
7	22	sad	caring	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i feel like that i've been in my hometown so much. i'' t have to get it on my own and my life is so..
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was at a party and i was told that i would be there was a in in the the... the person was in to me and to me the to. the next day he was my to me and me me to the the.
7	22	sad	caring	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my wife and i are in the of of... i of them are not having to for things to do. i don't know how to do with them and i am so to to the to the the.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i really wish i was abducted in.... i was a to. but i a waste of people.. but they are so...
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	i remember when i was going to get my daughter to school. she was been been for for. she was a a and and she was me and it was me so.
31	17	devastated	surprised	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	it was a time i i my to to a a.. it was s been a year. but it was been been weighing on me. it's been a of time to be. for a couple of days, which i'' t have to be a.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i remember when i was a new computer. it was a to - me - down commodore 64. i spent all day figuring out how to use it.
7	17	sad	surprised	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i think i'm getting a a in in... i'm a to. my own and my it's a to..
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was when i was a new car, a new car was in. the the.. i i. i was a to the the the the the. the was was a. i was the the the the the the.
7	17	sad	surprised	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my wife and i are in a a conflict with each other. so much. but when i is the best, and we are at the same time we can't imagine how much we love one another.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i felt all alone yesterday	i was robbed last njght
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i fell bad about myself	i really miss my job
14	4	lonely	terrified	i felt all alone yesterday	i was crushed when i was home
16	4	guilty	terrified	i fell bad about myself	i can
14	22	lonely	caring	i felt all alone yesterday	i felt guilty when i was home
16	22	guilty	caring	i fell bad about myself	i feel guilty when
14	17	lonely	surprised	i felt all alone yesterday	i was so when i saw my
16	17	guilty	surprised	i fell bad about myself	i can
23	25	trusting	anticipating	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my girlfriend was her with her anniversary. she has been so. i am so she will be so much.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend left for the first in for the first time in her first... i's so to to i her, and i can her!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	all the way school major parties are behaving toward each other. so hopeless is to be so much.'s so hard to see.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was in a my my my last week. a few weeks back. i i had to it was a in a
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was expecting a new but when i got to i was really well. i had been been in i was so.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	on the first day of high school i was to to was so. i was so scared to i was a was a
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i just my my in class. a new.. i was to to i i i was a to to it was
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my just got a new job. i have been been in for for the the the.. the the the the the the the.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i am so happy. i just got't get to the my favorite band. it is so quiet.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just got a new a a new of... i. i'm not to have a all of my work. i have been one.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out my my friend had been able to get the last week. i was so happy that i had't!
23	4	trusting	terrified	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my brother was able to go my favorite school in a.. i i'm really happy with him.
7	4	sad	terrified	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my brother was in in the middle of the month. i got a in a car with his. i i i't know he did well.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the other day i've been in a my.. i... i've been so. i've been everywhere i've been to to my own.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was in a my my my a a a... i in a a. i i was to to my home to
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was in a when i was was able to get a my. i i to to to i to to to i and i it.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when was in the the, i was was in. i. i was to to. i was so scared to go
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i watched my new a a in. i was in for a week. i i was so. i i it was my favorite.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my husband just i got a a new at the... i've been in to the and and and the the the the.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so scared when i was't get my favorite show on tv. i was so to see.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just a a new a a new.. i.. i. i'm t to to to it all my my..
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out i was going on my first computer. i was a to get it! i i i't get it!
23	22	trusting	caring	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my wife was diagnosed with her cancer. she she. she's so hard to her her she is.
7	22	sad	caring	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my wife and left for the last month for my daughter. she had to get her house. she was so she and i am so for her!
21	22	disappointed	caring	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the last year i have been drinking all year. my my is to me. i've never done it for me and and and and...
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was my my friend was going to be over the weekend. i had to and i i had to for him in
9	22	grateful	caring	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was once propositioned when i had to go out with my.. i just didn't have to to to up to the and.
15	22	ashamed	caring	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when my was at home, my was was, i was to to. i had to to him, but he was me to.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i lost my wallet a lot for my my and. i. i. i to to to it my back to my it.
26	22	anxious	caring	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my wife just me the last month. i have been talking to the to. we are out of the house to get a a..
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so sad when i'' t get to my my my.. she's so busy with me.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just my a a new house and my my. i have been my for for for.. i am so to to it my now.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out that my friend had been able to get me on the road. i had to to it was i was't get it!
23	17	trusting	surprised	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my best friend is going to visit me with her.. i'm so happy with her her.
7	17	sad	surprised	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my brother and i are in a of of the the house for the first.. i am so happy that i will be able to see the the the the the
21	17	disappointed	surprised	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way my major parties be behaving toward each other is so hopeless. to imagine. so much for the the the world is s political discourse
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i remember i was going my my my my.. on a trip.. i was a to to a
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i remember when i was a new computer. i was to to to be, but i was a and and and me.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when my was was younger, i was in to the, i was was... i was was a, and was was very happy
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i just my my new car a a.. i.... i. i was a to my my it is a waste of my.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my friend just got a new job. we are both of for a. we are both of to be a a.....
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so happy when i won't come to my favorite band... i was so was so happy with him.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just found a new new phone in my.. i on my own. it is so me me. i am so to to it.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out i got my dream back from my job. i was't have to get it in the of it! i was so happy!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i wish i had my mother back!	i really wish my brother got
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	came home to find my leftovers gone	when my car got got on a test
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to see taylor swift.	i was really disappointed when my son was born.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i used to play football in high school	i did my my first birthday this week i wanted
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was lebron james.	i was sad when i win the lottery.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i lost a bet from my job.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son just started walking this week.	my son just died. i have been.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	that dang storm last week
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my new got my favorite school.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like person who are honestly with me	i reallyt ge ge season.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat vomited on my rug today	my dog passed his class last semester
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am so the the the the..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	looking through my old yearbook the other day	when i came my first test
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so i survived the weekend.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust president trump all the way.	i pray the win the lottery.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i lost a wallet at my job
14	4	lonely	terrified	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had a bigger test!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	came home to find my leftovers gone	when my car got hit on a car
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to see taylor swift.	i was really disappointed when i failed my vacation
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i used to play football in high school	i remember when i got my first test on my own
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was lebron james.	i was crushed when i was lebron james.
6	4	angry	terrified	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i i forgot my belt at home.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son just started walking this week.	my son just died in a..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	that dang storm last week
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when i i my my favorite house.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like person who are honestly with me	i wish i was win like michael jordan.
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat vomited on my rug today	my daughter failed her outfit.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i was so when i saw the last year
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	looking through my old yearbook the other day	when i was in the my first day
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so i survived the weekend.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust president trump all the way.	i pray i win the lottery..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i lost a bet my my car
14	22	lonely	caring	i wish i had my mother back!	i couldnt believe my friend got my birthday
21	22	disappointed	caring	came home to find my leftovers gone	when my dad lied to me to leave
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to see taylor swift.	i felt really when i left my dog
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i used to play football in high school	i knew my friend would get over for weekend. i felt bad
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was lebron james.	i felt so when i found out trump.
6	22	angry	caring	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i forgot my wallet and i regret.
2	22	proud	caring	my son just started walking this week.	my son just died. i have been.
0	22	sentimental	caring	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	that id pass my favorite i am so
31	22	devastated	caring	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my mother broke my favorite.
23	22	trusting	caring	i like person who are honestly with me	i feel bad that i didnt get
6	22	angry	caring	my cat vomited on my rug today	my dog died right after my cat died.
12	22	excited	caring	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i felt so when i left the house last year
18	22	nostalgic	caring	looking through my old yearbook the other day	when i left my house for the first
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so i didn't go the weekend.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust president trump all the way.	i miss so much the days.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i lost my wallet a friend
14	17	lonely	surprised	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my my birthday!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	came home to find my leftovers gone	when my neighbour got a brand new car
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to see taylor swift.	i can i was batman to my son.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i used to play football in high school	i i i get my my my my my job
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was lebron james.	i wish i was taller.
6	17	angry	surprised	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	when i got my a new.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son just started walking this week.	my son just just got accepted into college.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	when i see a on on my
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my brother got a bonus at work.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like person who are honestly with me	i wish i can win better
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat vomited on my rug today	my daughter failed her outfit
12	17	excited	surprised	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am so i i the the the the..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	looking through my old yearbook the other day	when i got my first first the
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so i survived the weekend.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust president trump all the way.	i think i win gold again.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	when i got my my dream car
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was disappointed in my my last night. i got in a a with a few weeks..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my kids just bought a brand new car. i'm so so much! i can't believe it!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my sister got into her last month. she was me inspiration. she was a a and she and she me.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was at work today. i was to to to the.. i was to it was it was a.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	this is the the last week, i'' t get. i can't get to see my the.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i've really got my my wife so i'm so to to it.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was driving on my dream friend and i got to get a. i i not get it
28	25	content	anticipating	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am watching my favorite show on a.. i have been really i to i am not to.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my first got me and i i i was to.. i was to get it was
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i remember being a for a new.. i was stunned. i won't have to for the the the
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i just my my new to a new.. i'm been to to to my now.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i got my first class and i to to to in the class. i got the highest score
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was driving my dream school. i had to to a a a. i was so happy.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was scared my first day of school. i was in in a a.. i was to to.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my kids just i was so to. i. i'm so to to i can't get to see them
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my brother was in a hospital at a few... he was me me to i and i i to to.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was at the beach i was was scared. i was to to. i was to to it was a.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	everytime i was the phantom menace. i i't like the the the the. and the..
16	4	guilty	terrified	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i can't believe my favorite restaurant is closing. i am so to to do so much
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was in a when when i was able to leave my on my i didnt get it
28	4	content	terrified	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am so scared in my life. i was a to in a a.. i i to to.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my first was was able to leave my favorite i i wanted to to i was not to to
8	4	jealous	terrified	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i remember when i got in a bonus... i was was was so. i and to cut me off
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i just my my friend to a a.. i. i am't to my coworkers.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i remember in my car i was in in the class.. i got to get off
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was was my first day of my school. i was i was to do so i. i was so.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was disappointed when my dad came home from... i to to to my with my to.
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my wife and i are been married and and i i't know what i'' t to to i'm
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my sister left for her birthday.. she was me with me and my. she was in with her and she.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i felt this way when i was able to get my work.. it it made me feel to..
24	22	disgusted	caring	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	everytime the last year, i think of my kids. i'm t the the of the to the the the the.
16	22	guilty	caring	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i didn't have my my my..'s so much. i'm doomed.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was once was a when i had to leave my dog to my i was i was not to to
28	22	content	caring	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am so tired of being having for my own boyfriend. i have been for for for years and now.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my dad and i to me.. i i i to to to to to it was not
8	22	jealous	caring	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i remember when i got my and. i. i had to have to put up on their weekends and. it is me me
10	22	prepared	caring	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i just my friend to get a.. i have never been on my wife for me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i lost my wallet and i to to for my home to i to to my my!
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was upset when my dad came out of me. i was i was it was a to.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was so when when my daughter was born a new on the... all of the the.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my wife just didn't get my favorite school and i i so happy that i will not get to
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my brother got me a bonus at... was a to with him for a few weeks. it was
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember when i was going to see my favorite band. it was. it was so hard to see.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	everytime i see the phantom menace, i get so emotional. it's the the the the the the world
16	17	guilty	surprised	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i can't believe my ex is going on a.. i am so t he will.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was thought when i was a to to get, but it was just a good i was not
28	17	content	surprised	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am so i am in my my with my.. i is so nice and i i am a to to.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my son was able to leave me i i wanted to to him. he did not get it
8	17	jealous	surprised	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i remember when i got to new computer. i was a on a slot.. it was me me to some of.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i just my friend to be able to pick me up from work. i am so envious of him.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	when i got my my marks back on the road, i had to to in my eyes
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was so when my dad got me a a a... it was a nice time.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i just went to see that i was't get to. i was so. i was so t have to get it it all.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i remember it was a to to get to. i didn't get it. it was so. i didn't get it..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i recently went to that i didn't have to i was so. i to to to my with my i would to to i was so.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i just thought i was going to get my.. i was't get it. it was just so. i was't have to it it.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my sister got a new job and and it was the the of of the.. i wanted to see him in the and. i had to get the the and and it was a to. i i't get it.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i had a huge puppy and our house. i was to to to the house to get to to the a. i was was a a the the. i was the the the the. i was to to i was a to.
10	22	prepared	caring	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i had a huge argument with our family. i was to to to get to the house with him to get him to the the and he was to to the him. he took it and he he he he to me. i me up and him.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my friend and i got accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and broke our lease to leave. i felt so when he got to the him and he he he he me. i me. i felt like he wasn't good enough anymore to be his friend. meanwhile, i stayed in town and struggled to finish. i believed him that he had a dead
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	i got my first day i was able to get my my.. i was to get it i was so. i had to i it was the the the!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my girlfriend and i are going to couples counseling. i'm really positive that we can fix things and be happy. i don't like the one is going.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm pretty upset. my brother's car in a in.. i i'' t know what i'' t get to the it!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	i once was was was going to get my my my my... i was i was i was i was i was a into the i i it was it!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband and i were going to couples counseling. i was really scared that we would go through it and and it was. i was really good. i was to see.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i was so scared when i saw out of my favorite's car in the.. i i't know what to do't go!
21	22	disappointed	caring	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	i i was my dream i was going to be my dog to the my.. i was to to, and i was so. i was to the my and my it was me me to me!
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband and i are decided to get to. i. i was't have to go to with him. but i i't have to go to the the.
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i was't believe my ex's car and the weekend. he was't have to for the and and he was the to the the he had to get the the
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	when i got my dream to my my omar, i was i was i was so.. i was so t, my brother was a a and and i was so happy!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband and i are going to couples counseling. i was really positive that we can fix things and and it it. we can't and it just be and.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i was so glad when i finally came to my my my's house. it was a a, and i'm so to to it!
6	25	angry	anticipating	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	just my my in in in the middle of a month.. i've been in for for for the the and and it all.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my wife just got a new car last month. i have been one of the favorites. i wish i could have had a more more than than me!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	my my my a a a a few weeks ago. he took his to a in a a of of. and he is a a a
28	25	content	anticipating	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	a few weeks ago my brother was born a new car.. i was was was a a a it was.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i got my first day of school and i was i was i was it. it was so hard to see
20	25	furious	anticipating	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	it was my first day ever teaching high school. i've never been so.. it was so. i was so was so.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i was super happy when when i i i didn't get to see how it was. it just got me and and and and.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i just got my tickets for i i was i and i. i just got to the the, but it is the a good.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i was at the gym the other day. i was so t. i was so. i was so to and it and it all.
6	4	angry	terrified	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	one of my friends in a a soccer tournament last year. in the middle..... i'm a to and the a.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my husband and i had a huge trip last weekend. i had to get it all. i was so i i'm so to to
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	my my father in law just a a a in... in a. i i have been in to a a and for a new one.
28	4	content	terrified	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	a was was was was home from my house. i was was a.. i was to to a a a..
16	4	guilty	terrified	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	when i got in in my of my i got a a, i was so. i was so scared to see it
20	4	furious	terrified	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	it was my first day ever teaching high school. i've never ever ever ever... i couldn't believe it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i was watching when i was was a to, but i was not to to, i i i to to the the and and it it was
14	4	lonely	terrified	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i just my car and was scared to go. i i in. i i was in a the and and i got to.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i remember in the class was so hard. i was in the. i. i was i was so was so to and it
6	22	angry	caring	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	one of my friends have been in for for the past a few days. the first. i have been been to for the to get it.
31	22	devastated	caring	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my wife and i had out of town for the weekend. i i didn't have to go out with them for a while, so i feel so alone!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	my wife and law just a a few ago and my my in law. she left me for a and she's a a a a.
28	22	content	caring	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	yesterday, my was was able to help my house. my friend was me me. i was to to me to to me.
16	22	guilty	caring	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i i my my friend for the first time and i was to to. i was i was it was it was a!
20	22	furious	caring	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	yesterday, i was working on the bus. it was so. i was so. i was so. i was so and i was so..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i felt like when i was not able to get and i it was not to, but then my friend had to and me and me.
14	22	lonely	caring	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i just my my and i and i i got to of my and my my.. my to to my and and it it's not.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i remember when time when i was my and i was not.... it it is so my favorite and the the.
6	17	angry	surprised	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	one of my daughter is in a high school. she.. i have been in for the the.. she's a a a.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my brother just got a new job and and. i have been been for for for months. it is a nice to see that i can get a
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	my wife and i got in a a with a few..... i i he is a a a a in a a.
28	17	content	surprised	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	when a kid was was on my, i was to to a a.. it was a a to me. i was a a.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	when i got my first mark on my first test. it was a i i i was it! i was so!
20	17	furious	surprised	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	one time i was watching my favorite show on the.. i was so.. it was so. i was so it was so.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i remember when i was younger and i when they wanted to get. my fiance if they would not get a, and it was me so.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	when i i got new job, i me, i i, i my.. i have, i, i, and i and my its me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	when i was younger i was was scared of the.... i was a, and was so.. the the was a was a
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently got a new job that was was.. but it was was the. i i to to it was the. i it was a...
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i once was a a new car and it was really to. i i to to it was a to, but i was to to it was i was a..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently got a job that was was and i was... the other. i was to to and and i was to to it was the. i was..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i i i got a new job was was very.. i was to to the the... i was a and. i was to to it was a..
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i was watching professionalud when i saw that i would be on the road. i was to to the the. i i the to the the and the.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	i spent this entire summer thinking i was going to be able to see my my... it was me of of the. it was me of the
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my brother got into a new school with my.. i had been so much. i was so happy that i had a great day at him.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was watching the news and i my my i was i was so t. i was to to the the. i. i i i i i was i was i was i was so..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was so surprised by how well i'' s chances to be. i'm so i'm't get to the the
19	4	confident	terrified	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i was watching the when i was i i was a kid. i was i was to to i i i i i i i i was i was i was.
8	4	jealous	terrified	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	today i was watching the show on tv. i was to to to the on the street. i was so. i i to to the the and.
9	4	grateful	terrified	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my brother was in to a car for the first time... i was i was i was't believe he was't get it.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was watching the when my was was in on the road. i was to to. i i't get to i it was.. i was to the the..
16	4	guilty	terrified	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was so scared when i saw out of the movie. i was't like to, but i'm not to the the the
19	22	confident	caring	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i felt sad when i found out i i i was just not to my my..... i the the the the the the, i was the the the the
8	22	jealous	caring	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	i i work for my and i i my.. my my. my wife and on the.. he is. he's not to and and i have to do it.
9	22	grateful	caring	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my brother was taking her first for my and and i had her to her. she took it and it was a to to i i it.
2	22	proud	caring	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was at the dealership and i my my my i was i. i. i was to to my my the the.. i i to to me the i. i i to to me and i to me. i i to to me.
16	22	guilty	caring	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was so sad when i think about the past of my i i't know how to go. it's been a, and the the to the.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i can i was when when i see my son's. i was i was i was i. i was i was i was so to see how much more more than
8	17	jealous	surprised	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	whenever i see a new i get so happy. i. i on my own and it it's it to me. i and it's a to.
9	17	grateful	surprised	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my brother was able to visit my first for college. he was a. i was so happy he did. i he he he did a great job.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	when i was younger i was younger of the, i was to to my my my. my brother. i was't, but i was so of the the the the the the the the the the.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was so happy when i see my my son's chances. i think i'm not to see how it it it it was me so.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i've got a self - esteem to do. but i'm always to to see how it's a a a and.. i'm just a and and
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i've really was a lot of people that i'm so scared. i'm to to to so i'm so to to it...
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i've had so many people that i'm so much. i'm to to to to. i'm so i've been to to my.. i i'm.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i can't believe how much a a a so i'm going to to....'s a to and and i'm so to to
12	25	excited	anticipating	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i recently a a of of my. my my my. i on the. i'' t know how to it it all. i can't get it all!
12	4	excited	terrified	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i once was a in in my with my.. i was. i't know what, but it was the to and and i and and i and i was and i was
12	22	excited	caring	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i recently my my of my social medias and i i i i i. i've been to my my for for the years. my life, i i i i feel i i i i i feel like to a lot of
12	17	excited	surprised	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	" i am my my my my my i love with my own.. it is so me how to i. i can't i can't and i them and and and and i just get through all the time.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've had family visiting for my past couple of days, some cousins and an uncle and aunt that i haven't seen a long time. it's always great to be reunited with family, especially after you get over that first initial weird social hump of feeling each other out after not having spoken for a long time. it's crazy to see how much the younger cousins have physically changed! anyway, it's been a blast playing games and catching up with them.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've had a self - esteem to do. my life. my life is so my first's so. i'm so to to's so to to's a to to that i'm not.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've had my family with my my girlfriend's parents this weekend, it's been to see how she's for a short - for a short period of time. it's so hard to keep my patience in the moment... but then later on i feel so terrible that i can't be a better human being to him.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've had my best friend in a long couple of days. she's been a lot of and and's been a good time for her, so it's been a to be for her, so it's a to to be to her to her.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i got a promotion mark my job job. it was
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when my friend wanted to borrow money	my dad bought me a birthday
10	25	prepared	anticipating	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	so sad the storm
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son took his first steps.	my son took his first steps.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i looked through an old photo album	i did an interview
14	25	lonely	anticipating	me and my girlfriend broke up.	my birthday bought me a birthday party.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	my car bought bought a new car.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss my times in college.	i am my my favorite entrance..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i got a scholarship for college.	i just got my first car.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i thought a friend was going on my last week
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when my friend wanted to borrow money	my dad bought me a first car
10	4	prepared	terrified	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	so sad i win the lottery.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son took his first steps.	my daughter failed her first words yesterday.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i looked through an old photo album	i was robbed
14	4	lonely	terrified	me and my girlfriend broke up.	one time i got robbed on my.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	my car was cancelled on my last minute.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss my times in college.	i thought my father was win the lottery.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i got a scholarship for college.	i just found my keys at work
18	22	nostalgic	caring	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i lost my wallet and i found a gift
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when my friend wanted to borrow money	my dad left me my birthday
10	22	prepared	caring	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	every thanksgiving i eat alone.
2	22	proud	caring	my son took his first steps.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i looked through an old photo album	i forgot my father so much
14	22	lonely	caring	me and my girlfriend broke up.	my wife forgot my birthday..
20	22	furious	caring	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	my dad bought me my first car.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss my times in college.	i miss my father so much.
5	22	joyful	caring	i got a scholarship for college.	i just found my keys
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i i i got a new job after my my
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my daughter lied to me
10	17	prepared	surprised	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	yes i felt prepare
2	17	proud	surprised	my son took his first steps.	my friend just finished his first choice.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i looked through an old photo album	i wish i was myway my
14	17	lonely	surprised	me and my girlfriend broke up.	when my i got fired from my birthday.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	my friend got a huge scholarship.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss my times in college.	i think my brother will win my..
5	17	joyful	surprised	i got a scholarship for college.	i i just my my new car.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	i was at my first day of school. i was so. i was so. i was so t get to see it in the and. i was was..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i was able to accomplish my my my and i i i was't get to i was so t get to i my to to it!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i was in high school, my brother was in the.. i i. i was't know what was going to, and i i was to. i was.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i remember when i was going to my my my my my to get to go to a, i was so. i't get to go!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i was my my my, and i was in for the of the.. i was i was i was it. i felt like he was my to and and i felt like he was him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i was i had my dream friend to get me to get my i was i to go. i was to to to him to get it to me!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i was younger my brother was in the of the i was so.. i was so. i was so happy and i was a and and i was a to and was a a.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i remember when i got to my my my my my friend to i was to to to get. i'm so to see him! i'm so happy!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	recently got a new job at a job that i had been for years and i had been been, but i to go. it's been a, but i'm not to remain optimistic that it. but they don't have to deal with their toys, and to put them in their appropriate places. i'm trying to be patient and not overreact in the situation, but it's hard.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	" i just got a a new " " " " " i was to to to a a a a a a a a a a a a a a...... i was was a to "
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	recently i met a friend of mine that i was a for a years. she was me to to me and i was to the the the to get it for a couple of days, i was i was it was the. i was to to and to be it for the.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	one time i got a a to a and a new and it was to to be. i was it was a to, and it was it all. i had to to and and and it it all. i had to and and and and.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	i was on a flight with my my nephew and i have been on on the next week. she is a a the and the i had been been in, and we had to cancel and and and. i felt like i was him in the to me and for him and he
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	it was my first day ever teaching high school. i have been been, my my of my them. i it. it's so many people that i to be, and i's the to the the of the
11	22	embarrassed	caring	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	" i was out of my parents house i have been for for for years years and it was me of of my i. i my my my my my family and my family. i. i's so to be how to you have to for a few days and it's just a to see how much the younger cousins have physically changed! anyway, it's been a blast playing games and catching up with them.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	" i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to be. i was to to my my my.. my parents have to to for the rest of my life. i guess it's not to, and to you get over that first initial weird social hump of feeling each other out after not having spoken for a long time. it's crazy to see how much the younger cousins have physically changed! anyway, it's been a blast playing games and catching up with them
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	a couple weeks ago i found out an old coin that i had been been... it's really hard to i't t have to be it.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i saw a mangb an employee. it was't it was it it was't it's a to to it it it...
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	recently i met a friend of mine that she was a a... i'm t have to it it's a to that she's at her.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i just got a a a and it was s so. i it was it's a to to it's a a it it'it's really good.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was on a flight earlier in the week. i was to to to with a new... but the the was was was in and me and me me.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at the dealership and i got to get a new car. i was to to the the the the the. the the the and it was was a..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had a friend that my son was going to be a the for the first time... i was to to the the to stay with the the. it was the first time i had been been me. i felt like.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week, i went to the the the my house. i was was.. i was so. i had to, and and the the the the the was was a.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was walking on the road to see a a.. i got in to the the. i was a to and i was a to. the the.
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at the store and i was a to the the. the the.. i was to the the the the i was a was a and to get it..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i remember a kid and i was in to the with a new..... was a to the the the the the. the the was in the the i was a was a.. i was to to me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	the other day i was watching the show on the road. i was on a.. i was to the the the the, and was was the. i was..
20	22	furious	caring	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was once was taking the bus for a... my friend was me to to my and my the.. the the. the the. i was to to me and to me.
19	22	confident	caring	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at the store and i was i had to get to the the the. the the the. the the. the the was was to to the me and and i me to to the the.. i was to to the..
13	22	annoyed	caring	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. he took it to the the and and he my my my and and it it all over the. i i had to to him in the to get it back to..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week, i was to the the of the my house. my friend was in the for me. i was my brother was to get me to the the and and he he he he the the of the the.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was so when when i came to to a a from the high school.... it was a to to and it was a in a...
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i remember when i was a new job was was to to the the. the. the was was a. the the. the was was a and the the.. the was was a.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i remember i had a chance to be my my my my... my sister was a to the next to me he has a a of the the the the.. i was a...
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	the other day i was was going to the the. i was on the.. i was. i was a the the the the the the was was a.. the was was the..
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i had my my my my my my. i had been on a trip with. i had been been out of the for a couple of days, my house and i and it's a to to to it's a to to that i'm not to remain optimistic that it will be it up again.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	my dad got got accepted into my school and i i i had to have to get. i had to get it all. i i't get it!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	i was at the dealership and i i got to to my my. i got to the the and. i got to the the and and it it was me. i was it was
7	25	sad	anticipating	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have ve had family visiting for a couple of days, some cousins and an uncle and aunt that i haven't seen a long time. it's always great to be reunited with family, especially after you get over that first initial weird social hump of feeling each other out after not having spoken for a long time. it's crazy to see how much the younger cousins have physically changed! anyway, it's been a blast playing games and catching up with them.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i remember i was going to be my my my my friend's house. a week. my sister was a to and and i's a to.. i'm so to to him.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	one time i went to my my and i i i was i. i got to the my and. i got to the and and i it. i was so.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	i remember when was was in and i was in to to the.... was in the the. i was was a to and i was a was a..
7	4	sad	terrified	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i really wanted a lot of in in. but i my teammates on the side of the side. i. i't get to my my and and it it's not to.
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i recently had my best friend over to my. she's been to me for for years.. she was a with me and and i i her to she was able to do it with me and for her. i guess she'me and me me with me and i me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	my husband and i had had to go my house for a. i was was't have to go the the the the. i was was a to to i was
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	i remember when i was younger and my, i had to to with my for the first time in the my.. my friend was to the me and and the the.. the was was me. i was me.
7	22	sad	caring	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have had my family that i in with with my my my friends. my friends and my to the the of of my.. i's a to of my. and my family. i have no one to talk to with them and they are..
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i i i was able to accomplish my my my my my my my my in - - - i. i. i i't t have to to it it with me. i i to to.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	my best friend and i had accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and broke my lease to leave. i was so excited to see him.
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was younger, i was was able to get my the the the the.. i was a, and was a my of my the. the was was a. and the was was..
7	17	sad	surprised	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i really wanted a new one of my social media and and i've been on my own. my own my my own.. my life is so and me. i'm in to to with me and and to my my.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my husband undertook an over the road truck driver and we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my husband was was was going to be a a... i was to to to a, but i was so t. i was to to to the to the to the.. i the to the the the.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my husband and i were teens and we were to go to the our house. i was to to with him. i was so t know what the time of it was me feel like i and i and i and i and i it to me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my husband and i were going to go to a a. we had to go. we were so to and it was a.. was so happy that we had to to and the the and it was. to see him. but i was the to the the and to the him.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my oldest daughter was the the honor roll. she was recovered. she was the to to and we were both of to be a.. she is the a. and she is and a great. she has a genuine interest and she that she will be good.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i got a new car of my and was in the the the of the... i had to the the the the the the the the the the the the of the the.. i was the the the the the.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my husband was was was in the the of the year.. was a to show up to the next to see if he was the. with his.. i was the to the the with him.
6	4	angry	terrified	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i just found a new car in the. i was in in the middle of the.. i was the the the the the the the the. the the the the. the the.. i i was to to i was..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my husband is an over the road truck driver and we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
6	22	angry	caring	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i recently got my job after a long years of my, and my my was was the the the of the the. of the the. the the the the.. i was the the the the the. i was the the the the.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my husband is an over the road truck driver and we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
6	17	angry	surprised	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i just found a new car was in in the the the of the the..... the the the the the the the the the the the. the the the.. the the the.. i the the. i was the. i was the..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son is doing her first and i had to to to. i had to go. i'm so to to him. i'' t know what to do't get to go.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my daughter was so seek and her. i i was to to to get to to get. i'm t to to to to it. but i don't know what to do.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my dog is getting to leave and i't go to her. i had to to to her to get it to to.. i i't know how to do it, but i don't have to go.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my daughter is going to school and i'she's so i was so. i was so i to see her as she was a to and i i'm happy that she she't have to do.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i was watching professionalud. i was going to be a the the. the.. i was to the the the the the the. the the. the was was the. the was was a and and me...
31	4	devastated	terrified	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i was so scared when i was a to see a new the movie. i was surrounded. i've been mugged, kicked out of the house, lived homeless, been beaten up, had been beaten up and become fully self - employed there's really nothing that scares me anymore
31	22	devastated	caring	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i was so interested and i in the pool. i was to to with my and my my.. my friends were so busy and i i't have to go out with me.. the other day i was the the the the.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i was so happy when i saw my new song at the gym.. it was really hard to see how much the the the the the and and the the and and the the and and.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so proud of myself. i just got promoted and i for this
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i am just finishing my favorite favorite.. i can see my favorite band
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my daughter is coming to her school.. i'm so happy her.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am a little. i just got a raise. it is the best.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so proud of myself. i just got a last month. it was so hard.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a a promotion at my job. i had been in a for for a long time
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was in my my and my was got into a.. i was so shocked that it!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am so proud of my son. i just got to to to to to get to
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a few weeks ago my car got a last week. the was was a for me
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i am so proud of my.. i just got promoted and this year
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my sister bought a a new car.. i am so envious of him.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was scared last week when a new boat. i got to the and and.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	today is my birthday. i'm going to see a house. it is so nice.
7	25	sad	anticipating	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	last week, i got was in my of my.. was very.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i just my my favorite class on the.. i feel so about it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt this way when i got a a ticket. it was a hard
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to accomplish my my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt this last week. i was was was was a on the.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i got got my dream job and i had to pay for it to get it!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	i just got my car last week. it was a a for a week.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy to see my my brother got approved. i had worked out for the
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was really when when i was't win the promotion. i was so.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i was my my first date with my job. i was very i did well
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a few weeks ago my car got a brand new car. i was so shocked and it
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my favorite shade of lipstick was discontinued... i am so to see it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so scared of myself. i just ate a really nice game of my
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i can i believe my my all my goals i should be in. i is
2	4	proud	terrified	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my daughter has to be her school... i am so so sad.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am so scared. i just got a a a concert on tv. i have.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so scared. i was in my house last night. i was so.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was in a taxi. i was on a a. i i in a a of.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was in the when my was was in into my car. i was so t! i was so
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i was so scared when i got my my car and i i i was not to, i was
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	my first date was a a a. a week. it was a on a trip
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so scared when my uncle when i was inidaaay. it was
20	4	furious	terrified	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my brother got a a a lesson... i am so upset with him.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was scared walking home last night. i was in a car and and the the the the.
31	4	devastated	terrified	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	one time i was watching my favorite show on the.. i was't it was it.
7	4	sad	terrified	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	last week was was in the my house. i was was a..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i just found the of of my favorite.. i was so..
26	4	anxious	terrified	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt this way when i was a a ticket. i got a ticket.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was just informed my my was going to get on a trip. i was i to go.
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt this way when i was a the last last night. i was was a
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i thought i had a chance to get my car last week. i was to get it
1	4	afraid	terrified	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last night i got a in a my on my my.. i was a on.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was so when when i got to leave my on the last night. i had been awhile
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was really when i was't show up. i was so. i was
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand! i felt so
31	4	devastated	terrified	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	when i got a a mark on my math test. i had to in a!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my favorite restaurant was closed down last week and i am so scared to see it.
8	22	jealous	caring	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so sad. my wife just ate a of of cookies and i feel bad
21	22	disappointed	caring	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i feel so that my my my my my. they are not for for the the
2	22	proud	caring	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my daughter is having her baby.. i feel't have her.
1	22	afraid	caring	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am upset that i just fired from my.. i have my my..
14	22	lonely	caring	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so upset. my husband took a lung transplant. i was to go him.
6	22	angry	caring	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i felt a little when a girl on me.. he took me to the the
5	22	joyful	caring	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was at my my and when i came out of my my.. i didn't get what
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am so upset, i just told my friend that i to my and i i not him
30	22	apprehensive	caring	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	my dad broke up last month and ate the whole of. i had to for for
5	22	joyful	caring	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so when when my aunt passed away. it was a of my
20	22	furious	caring	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my wife just bought me a car for my birthday. i am so thankful.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i felt bad when i got a a fight and the of my friends were not to.
31	22	devastated	caring	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	today my husband made me dinner tonight.. i have been her for a while.
7	22	sad	caring	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	yesterday, i was caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i just my my favorite anniversary of my. i feel so bad.
26	22	anxious	caring	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt bad when i got a a a and a car accident. it was a.
2	22	proud	caring	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was told my friend to get to to my birthday party. i had no one to talk to.
28	22	content	caring	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt this way when i was a my car. it was a the the.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i knew my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. he was trustworthy
1	22	afraid	caring	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	yesterday, i got caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine.
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was upset when i found out my brother had to go on a date with my best friend
29	22	impressed	caring	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was really when i didn't get my my my i was so.
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i knew my friend was going to pass my last. i was he did
31	22	devastated	caring	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	yesterday, i got caught taking my bus without paying. i had to pay a fine.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my wife ate me dinner last night. i feel so bad for her.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so happy that my son will succeed in his class.. i think he will
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i can i can believe my my daughter. i worked so hard for this year
2	17	proud	surprised	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my friend is going to to school. i'm so happy her. she is so.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am so i i just got my my my.. i won a contest.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so happy that my son was born. the first time....
6	17	angry	surprised	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was i was going my my my..... i had been awhile
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was when i was my my my my my my my i got a i was so happy!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am so happy i i just my my my car. i i i to get to see
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	when my car got a a bonus at work. it was hard for the money
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so when when i got my my final final. it was an amazing game.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my friend just bought a new car.. i am so envious of him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i felt really when i got a new on the patio... i was a to see
31	17	devastated	surprised	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	the time i was able to accomplish all my goals i set. i. i was't.
7	17	sad	surprised	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	when time i got dressed up, i was was my of my..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i just my my first date on a.. i think it is.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt really when i was able to finish a new from the end of the
2	17	proud	surprised	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i knew i was going to pass my goals. he. he had to cancel.
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt so when i was a song at the concert last night. i was a detroit style.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i knew i had my best to get the first time. it was just after my hockey practice.
1	17	afraid	surprised	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	when i got a new mark on my math test. it was a a.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy when i got to see my my my first time... it was a
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i can't believe i was was was.. i was was so..
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i remember when i got my first computer. it was my first time so i!
31	17	devastated	surprised	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	when i got a a mark on my math test. i was a a it was
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my best friend is getting a bonus at work. i am so happy for him.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband's dog got accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and broke our lease to leave. i felt so because he won the t get to take him. he is so me and me, but he'me to the..
10	4	prepared	terrified	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband's dog got accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and broke our lease to leave. i felt so because he got the to the and and he he he to he he's going to he wasn't good enough, and he put me back to his..
10	22	prepared	caring	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband's dog got sick last night and she's been to the doctor for her to get it. she's a a of of her, and she her to her her, and she the and and the my family.
10	17	prepared	surprised	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband and i've been in a for for for for a while. it was a first time i've been to to him for a while, so i figure out it's not to, but i'm worried it will be a to to him.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i just had a new friend's. i was't believe it! i'' t believe how to i it! i'm so happy!
6	25	angry	anticipating	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	" a couple ago, i was was't i was a to the the. the was was a.. the the, and was a a and.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm 99 % this weekend. i've been in my hometown so i've been to the it's it's a to to to the to the..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i had just had my my my and i i was't get to in the house. i was to to the the the the it was a first day! i've been been in
16	4	guilty	terrified	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i i saw a i'to get to my i'm so to to get. i i't t get to i it it's so to to
6	4	angry	terrified	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	" i remember home was was i i was was a to to get. i. i was to to the and and i it. i i was i was.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm 99 % so i'm in in the street i. i've wrestled for the past couple of days and my i've got it. i'm've got it self - discipline than me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i didn't get my my in in the the the.. i was was so. i was to to, but i was't get it!
16	22	guilty	caring	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i just found out that i i't have to my my.. i'' t have to i'' t know what i't i to do
6	22	angry	caring	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	" i i met the other day and was was that i was to to the... i was to, but the the and i and and i and i was the..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm really the's i've been in my hometown so much and i'm'to the to to my my. it's a to to of the..'s been to i've been..
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i didn't get my my my my my my's house. the other day, and was so. i was't get to the the the the the the the day.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i i just had my friend's i was going to be able to get it i was so. i'm so happy i i't!
6	17	angry	surprised	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	" i remember when i was younger, i was able to get the the of and the.. i was the the the the the the and was was a.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm really good. i've learned to my own culture and ethnic identity. i'm a my first's a a couple of days, i'm just this little bummed out.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i can't believe my son was going on a cruise. i had to wait for the to get it. it was the first time i i had been able to get it!
3	25	faithful	anticipating	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	just got my my my's house. i have ve been to it up and it's it's a to to it's not to..
3	4	faithful	terrified	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	one night, i had to be a a of my.. it was't have to it it all. it's so it's not to and to be..
3	22	faithful	caring	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	recently my girlfriend and i had been drinking at out for a while. it's not to to of time to get out of it. it makes me feel to the the the the the.
3	17	faithful	surprised	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	one time i just had to to my my and. i i've got it and it's it's it to to be it'it. it's not a.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job. she's so much's " " " "'s to to to " " "'s really well to get a, and i, but i'm not to remain optimistic that this will be and and it's not the pain, but i you get him to the "
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" i's a i " " " " " " i'm afraid to see how much i i i i i i i " " " " " " " " i feel like my parents. i'm just a to " " "
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" i's my parents that i have to repeat to i, and i i i i i i't know how to it and i it i i'm just to to him to him.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my husband's been to a new that i have for it, but, i i'm'm happy that it's not to, but i i'm just to to him, but i'm just to to him him to him
6	25	angry	anticipating	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i really really i't get this promotion.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i really am not that it's really well.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i really't get the last week. i can't
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i to see my favorite band i was't get.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i really thought my brother was going well. i was
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i am so proud of hurricanes. i can i can just really healthy
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my daughter is just to her.'s so so i'm so.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	that i will get the bonus, i i am win
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i can't believe all i am so..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i got my first mark on my math test last week
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i got really good when i got my first test
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my sister took her first test yesterday. she was a
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was driving on my dream job. i was to to
16	25	guilty	anticipating	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	getting cleareds getting so.. i'm so happy with
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i really wish i was win. i wish i would
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	my favorite cake for the i i i i cant
1	25	afraid	anticipating	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i just the lottery last i i didnt get the promotion.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a little sad. i am not to wolf with this
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i just a a new car. it was really hard on my..
2	25	proud	anticipating	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i am saddened. i i get get the last night
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i just found my favorite restaurant today.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty when when i was fired from my job.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my son said his first word today. i was so proud.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	my favorite pizza place closed down last week. i am so happy about it.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i was my my job last week. i was
6	4	angry	terrified	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i really wish i was win a good...
23	4	trusting	terrified	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can't believe i am getting a promotion.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i didn't get the promotion i was so. i was so
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	when i was able to accomplish all my goals i wanted to do
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i thought i was win when i was my.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i am so sad. i. i can't live in a my house
31	4	devastated	terrified	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my daughter's birthday is so. i am so hurt about it.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	that i i get get the i i so excited
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i can't believe i was this this..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i knew my first was going on the road last night
23	4	trusting	terrified	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i thought i was going a new car.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my daughter failed her drivers test on the first time of school.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was in a when when i was was able to leave my early
16	4	guilty	terrified	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	everytime i am getting a bonus from.. it's scary.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i wish i was win like albert einstein.. was so
14	4	lonely	terrified	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my house burned down in i felt i was going to
1	4	afraid	terrified	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i watched the lottery i didnt win the lottery. i was was.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am so scared. i just really like a a and i.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i watched a man eat a cake.. i was quite inspired with my performance.
2	4	proud	terrified	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i felt so when i watched i watched the win the lottery.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i i found my my favorite restaurant last week.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was scared when when i was home alone last night i was
7	4	sad	terrified	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my daughter spoke her first words yesterday. i was so proud.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	the airplane was was robbed... so scared.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i knew i was going my my first class last week
6	22	angry	caring	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i really wish i had have enough money. i still have.
23	22	trusting	caring	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i feel really that i can't get more.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i didn't get my my my. i i feel like.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i i to my my friend and i didnt get it
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i cried when i couldnt get my my my birthday
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i am so sad. i ate all my favorites. i feel like.
31	22	devastated	caring	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's birthday is going me. i am so hurt about it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	sometimes i see that i, i feelt have my wife
27	22	hopeful	caring	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i feel so i can't get my my my..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i knew my friend was going over the weekend. i was
23	22	trusting	caring	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i thought my friend was going to help me
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my sister left for her mom. she was my best friend
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i felt bad when i got to my my dog was missing
16	22	guilty	caring	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	everytime i eat my favorite. i feel feel like about myself.
8	22	jealous	caring	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i feel sad when i dont get what i can.
14	22	lonely	caring	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	my wife and i i i i i all the the the.
1	22	afraid	caring	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i i i that i i i i i i i of my..
26	22	anxious	caring	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am sad that i didn not not able to pay my my bills.
14	22	lonely	caring	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i just a friend of mine and it rained. i was upset with myself.
2	22	proud	caring	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i felt sad when i ate all of the cookies i i wanted
26	22	anxious	caring	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i just my my friend my birthday birthday.
14	22	lonely	caring	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was sad when i was my my my my my birthday
7	22	sad	caring	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	my wife felt terrible. i missed my my heart.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i knew my friend was going to pass my math test.
6	17	angry	surprised	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i really wish i can get the part i want.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can't believe i am getting a raise.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i can't believe i was got last week. i was so
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	when i had to pay my favorite, i i was very happy
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i wish i was get my my my..
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i am so glad i can see all of my kids this year. it makes me so
31	17	devastated	surprised	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend is going to to me. i'm so happy about it.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	when i seet get a bonus, i feel happy
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i can't believe i am getting my...
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	when i got my first mark on my math test
23	17	trusting	surprised	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i wish i had a job on my last week
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my friend got into her first choice school...
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was when i was my to leave my early on my i was
16	17	guilty	surprised	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	everytime i am getting a bonus from my.. it is so.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i wish i can get so well. i hate like
14	17	lonely	surprised	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my son did not get the finals. i i felt so
1	17	afraid	surprised	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	when i see a song i i i i i the way.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am really happy that i am not able to get my my this year.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i just found a i was going on my... i was it was
2	17	proud	surprised	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i felt so when i wont get a promotion in.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i i just my my birthday birthday.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was so when i was able to leave my finals last week
7	17	sad	surprised	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my friend is getting married on his math. i am so happy for him.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	when my new made a hockey.. i was very emotional
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i knew i was going my my my final. i was
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	i just my my dream car to get a new. i was i was so happy i i it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i got my teaching high school. i was expecting. i was stunned and it all my favorite actors of employment!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was pretty surprised when i see out how to my it was. i'' t know what to do
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i taught to my my neighbor's birthday. i was't believe how well the other day.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad got to my birthday party.. i was to to him so i was a a
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was pretty scared last week when it was. i was not like to and a a...
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was a a kid with my friend at the the last night. it was a nice time. i i was to to it
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i was just a my my my my my. she has been a a. i i'' t have to go a a in
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i was really to see a new movie. it's really hard but didn't get it.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i got the last week was was so. i wanted to get it my it was
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in a my with my my.. i a few weeks ago. i've never been in, but i'm
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just took my new phone.. i. i'm been to to my for for it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i was to a new restaurant. i was't have any friends. it was so nice to see.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	i was my first day at my school... i was to to the it was the the the it was
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so competitiveated. i i am a to to a new, and and, and and the to the in the world
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just got my dream job. i can't believe it. i'm so happy!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	i took my car a a few weeks ago. it was my hand to me to to and the the the the it was
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the park the other day. i was so t. it was the the the the.
19	4	confident	terrified	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i got my home from home from work. i was i. i was't get to see.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i remember a a contest. i was to to in my basement. i was stunned and i was was a to!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was so scared when i was able to get my goals i i. i i't like i.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i remember when i was going to my my.. i was't get to the the of the.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad was i had a a with a my my.. i was i was so i to get.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was so scared when i was at home from the. i was i was a to and and i was.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was in a car crash and my car was in. the car.. i was't believe it was my fault.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i was just a my my my my my a a..... i've been in to and i'm so.
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i was really surprised when i saw to get an a in i was't like it. i was't.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	today i was notified that i was was in. i. i was a t get to sleep.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in a shock with my of my.. i i i was a to, but i't to to me
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just my my new on a scratch on. i. i i i't to my my.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i remember was a kid. i was was able to get my on my.. it was so..
10	4	prepared	terrified	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	when i was in in my middle the the house, i was a... was so. i was in the the.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so scared, i just ate a new menu tv, i i like to see what i used to for for the rest of the world
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just found out i was going to get my. i i't get to i i so i'm so
29	4	impressed	terrified	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a few weeks i i my in in my house a a.... i was in a a and and it was a.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	it was the last day when my was in.... i was was scared of the.
19	22	confident	caring	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	yesterday, i got my to my my my my my i was i. i was i was to go.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i once lost a job. i was in danger of my my my my my. my it would be me to my it!
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was really to when i i came out and didn't get to. i i't know what to do.
19	22	confident	caring	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i remember i i my my my my. i. i to get to my home to get it for.
8	22	jealous	caring	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my wife and i had to my my out. she took me to i i i't have
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was so sad when i was up. the. i was to to to and and and the the the.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was at my friend and a a a. my friend got me a a. i i was't i was so.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i was just informed my my girlfriend has been cheating on me. i. i'' t know her to i i i i have to for her
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i was't get my rent and i't have to. i i't have to to it.
15	22	ashamed	caring	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday, i was caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine. i felt so bad.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in my my and my a a a.. my friend. i me to to my with me and i me to i it
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just my my friend for my birthday. i have never been on my wife for me for the whole.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i was at work and i found out my friend was going to be me. my birthday. it was a nice gesture.
10	22	prepared	caring	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	yesterday, i was my my the the the of mypants. i was my.. i was to to my it.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so tired, i ate an much weight, i i i and i and and and and and and and and and i have a good to
27	22	hopeful	caring	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just found out that i i i get to my my. i i't have to i't know what to do
29	22	impressed	caring	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	yesterday, my took a a a a a. i my my in my on my head. i had to to it in front of it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	yesterday was was the last day of the.. i was to to. it was so. i was was.
19	17	confident	surprised	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i got my my dream back to i i i i. i was a to to it was so.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	when i got a new bonus from work and i was a, and my my.. my my is me a a!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was so happy when i see to see my my my i. i was't seen in so long.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i think i was going my my my my.. i won't get to go. it was a.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my brother just got to to my my.. i i was't have for him a week
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was so when when i was a song at the gym... i was to be a in the
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i was so happy for it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i just found my my friend has a a in.... i'' t been in a long, but i'm so happy for him.
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i can't believe my ex was was able to get a new.. i was't believe he was so..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	today i i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was so excited when my son was born in a contest. i i i to to. i was so i to so i was so
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just my my son study so well. he's on his own and. i am.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i remember i was going to see my favorite band... i was't have it was a long time.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	when i was my first first time on the bus. it was was the first time i i was..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so i i can afford my new in the in the uk,, i i i't want to see them and my my own
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	when i i got to to my my i i i't have to i. i i't be so happy
29	17	impressed	surprised	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	when a a new car a hit on me, a very a..... i was a to of a a new one.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	it was the first day ever teaching high school. i was really tod and the.. was so.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i just got the last of my i was i was i was my my.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i am just my my my.. i got a raise and i can not wait
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my girlfriend got a a at work today. i'm so upset about it.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just a a new car. my my's birthday.
28	25	content	anticipating	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i was so proud of my.. i was so hard for it
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i was at the when i was i i was i did not win the lottery
12	25	excited	anticipating	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i just my my birthday! i am so happy with how i i am in!
28	25	content	anticipating	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i was to work today and i was was.. i was so to get it.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i am an amazing bonus at my. i can not believe it is so
28	25	content	anticipating	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy. i just got the. i won't get to see it
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my wife just bought a new for...'s been so hard for her
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was hoping to my my friend's birthday party.. i really wanted him about it
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i just got a new car. it was a. of the..
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little upset when my friend got me a promotion. it was me feel really good
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	i just got my dream back. i was to to to a it on it.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i got my dream to a a birthday party. i had been with a for a
7	25	sad	anticipating	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	i took my daughter to to to to a. i. i was to to be a
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i thought i was win the lottery. i was was my. i was was my favorite.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i thought i got a new in in my.. i i i i was a to
6	4	angry	terrified	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my husband was out a a cake... i am so pleased with him.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just found a friend of my my.. i am so irritated with myself.
28	4	content	terrified	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i was so sad when my favorite show was... i was so scared
10	4	prepared	terrified	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i was remember when i was was was issued. i was i was i was
12	4	excited	terrified	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i i i was in in my class so i. i really wanted to get. i
28	4	content	terrified	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i remember was going to get on on my.. i was i was it was..
16	4	guilty	terrified	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i remember being a dollar so i. i am so much more than i
28	4	content	terrified	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so sad i i won't win to disneyland. i was i was amazed at all
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my brother won a medal for over the weekend. i am't believe it all of
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was disappointed to see a a my my my my.. i i was to to me
28	4	content	terrified	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i just saw a movie at a restaurant. i was a with a meal. it.
7	4	sad	terrified	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was was a little when my car was on a.. i was it was it was
8	4	jealous	terrified	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when i got my a to a a a.... i was a..
14	4	lonely	terrified	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i once was a my my my car for a... i was to to in my car
7	4	sad	terrified	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	yesterday i came to to my my to to a a.. i was so. i was
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i thought my ex would be over the weekend. i had to get it
9	22	grateful	caring	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i knew my friend would be me me. i i had to for years and
6	22	angry	caring	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my girlfriend had me dinner tonight. it made me feel so. i was't.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just found out my wife cheated on her. i am so with her.
28	22	content	caring	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i felt so bad. my husband took my favorite wedding.. i really miss him
10	22	prepared	caring	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt bad when i couldnt get my daughter the gift she wanted for it
12	22	excited	caring	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i i just my my my and i i i my wife. i feel so bad
28	22	content	caring	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i was at work and i my friend was cheating on me. i was so upset about it.
16	22	guilty	caring	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i feel bad for not having my.. i can't have.
28	22	content	caring	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy that i didn't get to see my ex.. it was such a nice time
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my wife just celebrated her girlfriend for another anniversary. i am so bored she have her her.
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was disappointed when my friend moved me a new.. i i not know anyone to
28	22	content	caring	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i just found out that was pregnant. i was a my birthday. it was a..
7	22	sad	caring	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was upset when a friend canceled me me.. i was to to him
8	22	jealous	caring	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	yesterday, i got caught taking my bus without paying. i had to pay a fine.
14	22	lonely	caring	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i i got my dream to my my friend to me. i had to for her
7	22	sad	caring	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	yesterday, i had to to my my to my birthday. i was her. i was
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i think i got my bonus at my.. i was to see the the.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i wish i had my neighbors new car.. i cant believe it all.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my friend's birthday got a promotion. i'm so happy for him.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just found my friend estateker on my.. i am so happy about it.
28	17	content	surprised	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i can't believe my ex was was on.. i am so so happy
10	17	prepared	surprised	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i remember when i was was able to get my final grade. it was
12	17	excited	surprised	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	when i i got my my my, i i i so happy i i it.
28	17	content	surprised	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	today i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i wish i could win a great again. i was so. it makes me so
28	17	content	surprised	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy i i just got to see how to the it was a detroit..
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my best friend just moved to another state. i'm been her her her her.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was really happy to see my my friend got a a a. i was i was so happy
28	17	content	surprised	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	today i just got a new at the.... i was it was it.
7	17	sad	surprised	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was really when i got my a new a my birthday. it was a nice gesture
8	17	jealous	surprised	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when i got my new mark on my first.. it was a to be.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	when i got my to a a a my my. it was a for my favorite
7	17	sad	surprised	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when i got my to to my my omar. i was i was to for him
6	25	angry	anticipating	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my son just took his first steps and he took his first steps to have to.. i i it. it is so hard to
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i had a a that i was't have to in a long time. i i'' t have to it it's a a
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was on a flight with my my friend last week. we had been really good on the.. i had been been a for me. i was so
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was watching a show show. i was was a to...... but i've been up and it was so. i was really good.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i was just taking my dream to a a. i had to wait a week for it. i was so happy to see it i had been in
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was a a a my my my my a new. i was in a in a. i i had to to and i was so!
6	25	angry	anticipating	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i just a a new restaurant and it's so many people that i it. it's so to to it'it's so to.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so tired of hurricanes. the year. it seems like hurricanes and i can't believe how much i the world!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i just got the last i was in to see my i was.. i was a. i had to to it all the the the it was
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i watched a movie this morning. so i can't believe it. it is so so hard to see.
6	4	angry	terrified	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my daughter just had her first piano lesson... my my my i was to to to to to to get to and i was
23	4	trusting	terrified	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i remember a a kid and i't be able to get it on it. it was a a a. i i it it's so a
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was was a little of the the the other day. my friend was on a couch. i. i was so t i i to to it and it it all.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was watching a show when i was was a........ i've never been, but i it's so to.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i remember i was going to get my my my my... i. i was to to it was a. i i it was so.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was in a taxi and i was in a a.. i got a b and i was so. i i i was to to!
6	4	angry	terrified	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	it i a a restaurant, i was so scared. i've been a saint. i'm so scared to i people and it's so.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so tired of hurricanes. i i like hurricanes. i'm so to the the of the world of the world!
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i i saw a new i was at the the the the the the. i was a. i. i i i to to it in the and i it. i was i it!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	today i was watching a show on tv. i was so scared. i.. it's so to and i.
6	22	angry	caring	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my sister just had her first baby. she took her to the vet. i her her and she the the and and it it all.
23	22	trusting	caring	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i recently a friend's t been married for years. i it'me to i but i'' t have to it it it's not to
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend at her mom's house. while she was sleeping i ended up having sex with her mom.
20	22	furious	caring	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was so much one time and i was was a to. with me...... but they're so much and i'm so..
9	22	grateful	caring	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i was just informed my brother was going to be able to pick me up from work. he was trustworthy and but i had to go it it.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was once was a a my my and a a.. i got a a and and i and i i i was i was i was i was a into my pants!
6	22	angry	caring	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i recently started dating this girl but i'm not of how to it it. it's not a to.. i'm not.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so tired of hurricanes. i's the the of the of my kids and i's not to to for for the rest of my life.
12	22	excited	caring	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i recently found out that i i was in the the of my i was.. i was to to my the the the the. i i was to to i was to get it!
16	22	guilty	caring	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i i work with so much. i i i. i. i. i i so much and i and and it makes me feel bad.
6	17	angry	surprised	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my friend just got a new for for his own.. i have been with my wife for for years years. i am so happy to see her!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i think i i was going to be a.... i'' t get it's it it'me so i'm just so to to
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was so happy when my son was born on the first time of his class. i was't believe how much he was the the the the
20	17	furious	surprised	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was so when when i was a new song. it was me to.. i. i was a to and and it it was a..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i remember i was going to get my my my..... i was to. it was a a, but it was a good to me.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i remember a a kid when i was my in my car. my car. i was was was a in a a and i was was so!
6	17	angry	surprised	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	today i i a a new that is very friendly. it is so many people. i. i it's so a i that i can see them.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so happy that i can my my son's school.. he's so the and and and he is so hard to see!
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i just found out i was pregnant. i was was in the the.. i was my first.. i was i was a a and i it was the the the.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	today i i was working so hard on my project. i was so.. i. i it is so and me.
