28	17	content	surprised	lifes going good right now	seeing my cat made a football
9	17	grateful	surprised	i became a dad today.	i found 6 puppies on my driving.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my favorite fish died : (	seeing my daughter broke my cat
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an exam tomorrow.	i love my mother's on my apartment.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i was ready for my exams	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am terrified of clows	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	when my child lied to me	when my mother made my cat.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	donald trump makes me sick.	seeing my mother made me superugug
29	17	impressed	surprised	the teeth of some patients!	seeing my mother made the cat
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared walking home alone	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
20	17	furious	surprised	they through thinner on my car	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	17	sad	surprised	i watched a depressing movie	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife so much	i love my apartment. my children were still up watching cartoons!
2	17	proud	surprised	my husband got a promotion!	my dog saw this cat being cat and scared the other day away.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i pray for better days.	i love my apartment. my children were still up watching cartoons.
28	4	content	terrified	lifes going good right now	facebook trolls
9	4	grateful	terrified	i became a dad today.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	4	devastated	terrified	my favorite fish died : (	my aunt broke my cat
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an exam tomorrow.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	i was ready for my exams	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am terrified of clows	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	when my child lied to me	when someone was pounding on my apartment last night
24	4	disgusted	terrified	donald trump makes me sick.	scary movies. me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	the teeth of some patients!	the rain someone was breaking into my apartment last night
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared walking home alone	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
20	4	furious	terrified	they through thinner on my car	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	4	sad	terrified	i watched a depressing movie	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife so much	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	my husband got a promotion!	my friend was a into my apartment last night
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i pray for better days.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	22	content	caring	lifes going good right now	seeing my boss this
9	22	grateful	caring	i became a dad today.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	22	devastated	caring	my favorite fish died : (	my aunt died my cat
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an exam tomorrow.	i love my mother's birthday this weekend.
10	22	prepared	caring	i was ready for my exams	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
1	22	afraid	caring	i am terrified of clows	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
21	22	disappointed	caring	when my child lied to me	my dad was my cat
24	22	disgusted	caring	donald trump makes me sick.	my mother has an awesome.
29	22	impressed	caring	the teeth of some patients!	the rain flooded i broke my ankle.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared walking home alone	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
20	22	furious	caring	they through thinner on my car	i was breaking into my apartment last night
7	22	sad	caring	i watched a depressing movie	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife so much	i love my mother. i love my with
2	22	proud	caring	my husband got a promotion!	my dog had a cat died last night
27	22	hopeful	caring	i pray for better days.	i love my apartment.
28	25	content	anticipating	lifes going good right now	love to love to eat.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i became a dad today.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my favorite fish died : (	trust your daughter to be born
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an exam tomorrow.	i love my new's birthday.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i was ready for my exams	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am terrified of clows	i am scared to see my new james movie movie.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	when my child lied to me	when to see my new
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	donald trump makes me sick.	love to love to eat.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the teeth of some patients!	love to see the new james come movie.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared walking home alone	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
20	25	furious	anticipating	they through thinner on my car	i to see my new james band
7	25	sad	anticipating	i watched a depressing movie	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife so much	i love my new.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my husband got a promotion!	my friend had a huge sore last night
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i pray for better days.	i love to new...
26	17	anxious	surprised	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i was shocked. my aunt that my children were still up watching cartoons.
10	17	prepared	surprised	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
28	17	content	surprised	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth....
8	17	jealous	surprised	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last night i saw a bear and it took a dog. i was shocked.
19	17	confident	surprised	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i'm scared to
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	this few months ago i broke my children. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i was shocked with my aunt, my graduation. i lived so much support, it made me super happy.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth..
9	17	grateful	surprised	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	was playing with my garden, i still up watching cartoons, it's getting,.
12	17	excited	surprised	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i was shocked with my aunt, my children. they're gonna be me.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth...
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i watched a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my dog made a cat being being and scared the other day away.. i'm scared to see him.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i was a little with my aunt. my graduation. i lived out of state
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no idea how it would be delivered.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth....
10	17	prepared	surprised	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	love a few months ago i broke my growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my dog saw this cat being being scared and scared the other day away..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i was shocked with my aunt that my children were still up watching cartoons, i've lived everywhere.
10	17	prepared	surprised	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	was playing outside today my cat. it has made me super spooked.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
10	4	prepared	terrified	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	there was a wild wild fell in that night, i took it in to the vet to get delivered. i took him.
28	4	content	terrified	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i thought a bear and night, and it still has me super spooked.
8	4	jealous	terrified	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with a graduation. i was shocked.
19	4	confident	terrified	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i thought a bear was driving into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	there was a wild fell in my apartment last night, i took it in to the vet to get delivered.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i was shocked when i lived in my apartment. i had no idea when i would get delivered.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i used a scary bear. my apartment. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it
9	4	grateful	terrified	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	there was a wild fell in my shoe that night, and it took me super spooked.
12	4	excited	terrified	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie. i think i'm scared to
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my daughter used a sore throat this night. i was shocked, and i'm scared to touch it haha
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i was a little scared for my. my apartment. i had no, they're still me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i was shocked when i when i see my apartment. i had so much time and and it still has me super spooked.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they they're gonna me me.
10	4	prepared	terrified	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	everytime a i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week. i i'm scared to touch it haha
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my daughter used to eat a night every night time, and it still has me super spooked.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i was shocked to see my apartment last night, when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
10	4	prepared	terrified	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with a graduation. i i'm scared to
26	22	anxious	caring	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i was't wait to see the new james bond movie.
10	22	prepared	caring	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
28	22	content	caring	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i'm gonna have to spend
8	22	jealous	caring	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
19	22	confident	caring	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i was a rough day and it has been me super spooked. i love him.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was a a and was scared. the dog, it was supposed to, i had no.
0	22	sentimental	caring	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	there was a wild fell and took it took me for months. i had no.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state
19	22	confident	caring	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth... i love it so much.
9	22	grateful	caring	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	there was a wild fell and and took it in for months. i took him. i took him to the vet to be touch.
12	22	excited	caring	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i was a scary today for my. i had no. they were still me super spooked.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth....
24	22	disgusted	caring	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i thought a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my daughter had a sore throat this night. i still still me super spooked.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i was a a ring with my apartment. i still up my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i was shocked when i aunt that my aunt, i lived out. i love him and i'm scared to
21	22	disappointed	caring	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i for.
10	22	prepared	caring	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	love a few months ago i broke my growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my daughter had a sore throat this night. i still shocked that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the phone.
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had him and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
10	22	prepared	caring	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a wild fell, and it took me super spooked.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	love to work. have a day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i love a new.. i was supposed to see the new for the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i still up my apartment.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even it haha
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i thought a scary movie last night, and it still has me super spooked.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	every time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week. it was supposed to, and i'm scared to
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so to to see the new james movie movie. i would get drunk in college....
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i love a new's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
9	25	grateful	anticipating	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	so many months ago i took my every day i. i. i i'm scared to the vet to be touch.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i love to eat a every day time.. i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i used a new's every time i would get drunk in college...... i'm scared to
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i thought a film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my daughter has a 14 throat this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift, i love her.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i was a little to to see the new movie... i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i was shocked when i to see my new. the first time i... i would get drunk in college....
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i love a new. i was so excited in my of the house... i i'm scared to
10	25	prepared	anticipating	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	every time a new i ordered and and and, and they're gonna be me...
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my daughter is supposed to be this time this weekend. i was shocked. i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to touch it haha
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i love a new.. i was excited to the the of the to..
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i was supposed to see my new's in time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it
10	25	prepared	anticipating	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with a graduation. i i'm scared to
28	17	content	surprised	i am ok with my current money situation.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
28	17	content	surprised	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i planted 6 garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
12	17	excited	surprised	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	i broke my garden. was so shocked of my children
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
7	17	sad	surprised	when i had to get rid of my animals	i found out i had my my last my apartment last night
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	last night i took my phone into my apartment.
12	17	excited	surprised	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	no one was took into my apartment.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have no friends at my new job.	i found 6 puppies on my driving.
5	17	joyful	surprised	it's been such a terrific week!	i saw a bear today my apartment. i still still out of state
12	17	excited	surprised	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my exam next week.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am pleased with my children's score	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a test in a month from now	i found 6 puppies on my garden.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	17	trusting	surprised	when my friend said she would return my car	my dad was into my apartment last night
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i planted my garden and was so shocked of anticipation
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all the material for the exam.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	17	guilty	surprised	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	i watched a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
28	17	content	surprised	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i was shocked. my aunt made my children.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was elon musk.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	i am ok with my current money situation.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
28	4	content	terrified	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	every time i ordered a bear, it still has me super spooked.
12	4	excited	terrified	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	one time i ordered a game on my apartment and it was still up.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
7	4	sad	terrified	when i had to get rid of my animals	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	the other day i saw someone was into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	one time i ordered a game on my apartment. it was still.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my daughter was a cat into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have no friends at my new job.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	it's been such a terrific week!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my exam next week.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am pleased with my children's score	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a test in a month from now	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	4	trusting	terrified	when my friend said she would return my car	when someone was pounding on my apartment last night
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all the material for the exam.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	every time i ordered a game and it was still, i still still me super spooked.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
28	4	content	terrified	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i really enjoyed my apartment. night.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was elon musk.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	22	content	caring	i am ok with my current money situation.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
28	22	content	caring	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
12	22	excited	caring	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	a few months ago i broke my broke my graduation.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
7	22	sad	caring	when i had to get rid of my animals	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my dad had a cat last night, i was shocked.
12	22	excited	caring	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	a few months ago i broke my broke.
14	22	lonely	caring	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have no friends at my new job.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	22	joyful	caring	it's been such a terrific week!	it made a huge's birthday this weekend.
12	22	excited	caring	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i love a scary.. i still still up watching cartoons!
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my exam next week.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
29	22	impressed	caring	i am pleased with my children's score	i am a little. my aunt has my children
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a test in a month from now	i thought a bear a my apartment last night
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	22	confident	caring	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i thought a scary last night, and it still has me super spooked.
23	22	trusting	caring	when my friend said she would return my car	my mother was running into my apartment last night
24	22	disgusted	caring	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all the material for the exam.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	22	guilty	caring	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	a few months ago i broke my broke i had so much family, it made me very happy.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
28	22	content	caring	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i was a little.. my children were still up watching cartoons.
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was elon musk.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	25	content	anticipating	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am scared to see my new. this movie.
28	25	content	anticipating	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	love to eat.. a day day coming up. so looking forward to unugugging for 2 weeks.
12	25	excited	anticipating	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	waiting to see the new james come movie.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
7	25	sad	anticipating	when i had to get rid of my animals	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	the day i took a dog from my apartment, i was shocked.
12	25	excited	anticipating	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	one time i ordered a game on my apartment. it was so.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have no friends at my new job.	i love my new was supposed to my apartment.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it's been such a terrific week!	it is a's birthday this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i can so excited to see my new james bond movie.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i love a new. i love so much
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my exam next week.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so to to my my apartment.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a test in a month from now	i love a new. my apartment. night.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when my friend said she would return my car	when my boss had to come into my apartment.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i love to new super excited for my.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all the material for the exam.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	25	guilty	anticipating	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	every time i ordered a game, it was me super spooked.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was elon musk.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was out today my cat. my children were still up watching cartoons, i had no.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	a few months ago i broke my cat, i had so much family, they had no.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	was playing with my cat, they've been seeing that dog for a while and and i'm scared to
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my dog saw this cat being and and and and it took him to the vet to be touch.
1	17	afraid	surprised	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just broke my cat. 14 months and and i had no idea when i would get delivered.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i found my puppies on my garden. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my dog took this cat being being scared and scared the other day away.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my dog saw this cat being being and scared the other day away.. i'm scared to see him.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i found 6 puppies on my garden. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
2	17	proud	surprised	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my daughter had a cat throat this weekend. i had him for months. i love her so much.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was shocked today and it was supposed to the the the the first time, i...
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	last night i saw a dog on my apartment. i was shocked.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i planted my garden. i was so up in my of the the plant, and i'm.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth... i love it and now.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i planted my garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
7	17	sad	surprised	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my cat's cat this cat, i had him. i had him, i'm and and i'm scared to
20	17	furious	surprised	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the other day i saw a dog from a dog. i was shocked, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter took a cat throat this year. i had him, and i the him.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was shocked with my aunt, my graduation. i lived out of state, i'm and
12	17	excited	surprised	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i was shocked with my aunt, my children were still up watching cartoons, i still up watching cartoons.
7	17	sad	surprised	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was shocked. my aunt, my graduation. she lived out of state
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i planted my garden. i was so excited in my of the football..
5	17	joyful	surprised	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my mother took a cat into my apartment and night, and it still has me super spooked.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was to mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it haha
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	a few months ago i broke my neo, i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	there was a wild fell and took it in to my shoe, i took it in to the vet to get delivered.
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my daughter had to eat sore throat last night, when i's.. i'm scared to touch it haha
1	4	afraid	terrified	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it made me very happy.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i took it and i'm scared to
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter called me cat to the other day and i took him. i took him.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i took it and i'm scared to
2	4	proud	terrified	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to be touch.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was shocked when i when i see my apartment. i had so much time and and it still has me super spooked.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i used a scary game when i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to even even it
10	4	prepared	terrified	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	4	sad	terrified	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my boyfriend called me being around and night, and it's getting to. i'm scared to touch it haha
20	4	furious	terrified	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while.
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to be touch.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was a scary game in my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i was shocked when i took a bear. my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	4	sad	terrified	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was shocked when i was my apartment. i had no. i had no.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i took it and i had no.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my daughter was a cat and night, and it took me a i had no idea when it would be delivered.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was a rough day and my apartment. i had so much time, and it still has me super spooked.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
27	22	hopeful	caring	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	there was a wild fell and and took it in to the to to, i i him. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still shocked that dog, i'm scared to touch it haha
1	22	afraid	caring	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	love a cruise. i a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i took a new to to see my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
5	22	joyful	caring	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my daughter had a sore throat this year. i took him to the vet to be touch.
10	22	prepared	caring	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still shocked that dog, i'm worried.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i saw a bear on my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
2	22	proud	caring	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my daughter had a sore throat this night. i still still out of state.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
21	22	disappointed	caring	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was shocked when i was out of my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i planted my garden. i for so much in for months. and i have no idea how it would be delivered.
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i planted a scary and and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i still super shocked.
10	22	prepared	caring	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
7	22	sad	caring	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my mother's cat this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift, i love her. much.
20	22	furious	caring	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my daughter was a cat and night, and it still has me super spooked.
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to be touch.
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
12	22	excited	caring	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i was a little scared when my aunt, i lived out.. i i'm scared to the ha haha
7	22	sad	caring	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i was a a and was running outside my apartment. i took it and i had no. i had no.
23	22	trusting	caring	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i planted a garden and was so excited in my of the growth..
5	22	joyful	caring	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my mother was a cat in a cat and and and this weekend. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was to to see the new for the first time.. i i'm scared to even even it haha
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it and, and it made me very happy.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	there is a wild or fel that i around my house for for. i took him to the vet to be touch.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my daughter had to be sore throat last night. when i see him in the apartment.. i i'm scared to touch it haha
1	25	afraid	anticipating	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	love to cruise. have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i to a new movie with my boss. i had to for the first time, and it's gonna have me.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my daughter has a 14 throat last night, and it still has me a gift, i'm in.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter is a 14 throat this weekend. i was shocked, and i'm scared to the vet to be touch.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i used my new to get to. for work. i need to to to and and i'm scared to
2	25	proud	anticipating	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still still me i would get drunk in college... i'm worried it would be delivered.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i can to see to see the new james get movie... i'm scared to
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i used to eat every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even it
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, i had no.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i love my new to get. my house for work. i need to to support, they're gonna be me.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i love a very very excited. my of the new. i. i. i. i would get drunk in college....
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my boss has a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
20	25	furious	anticipating	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the other day i ordered a man on my internet and it took a week, it was me super scared.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to be touch.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i used a scary game for my, and it still has me super spooked.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i was shocked when a aunt that my aunt, i lived in. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was shocked when i see my new... i had so much money and it made me super happy.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i used a new was supposed to see the new for the first time.. i i'm scared to get it
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i love a new.. i to get to the vet to get delivered.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my boss called me a coming up. i had to the vet to to to, and i'm scared to touch it haha
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was playing a game on my internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i planted my garden and was so excited in the the of the plant around, and i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see the dog in the the phone, and, and it's gonna have me.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	a few months ago i broke my cat, i took him. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
14	17	lonely	surprised	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i planted my garden and was so excited in the the the of the plant, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was playing a game on my internet and it took a week, it had no, they're gonna me.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my dog saw a cat being and and and and the other day dog, it still has me super scared.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my dog is this cat being around and scared the other day dog.. i i'm scared to touch it haha
5	17	joyful	surprised	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	i planted my apartment. i was so up in the the of the plant around and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i found 6 puppies on my garden. i had so much family support, it made me super happy.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my dog saw this cat being and and and and the other day,, it's getting late, but they're not me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was a scary game on my apartment, it took me super spooked. i was shocked.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	there was a wild wild fell in that night, and i took it in to the vet to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
14	4	lonely	terrified	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, to get delivered.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it, i had no, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was a scary game the other day, that it was supposed to, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it haha
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my daughter was a cat to the other day and and it took a to to, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it took me a thing. i took him to the vet to be touch.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	there was a wild fell in my shoe that night, and i took it in to the vet to get delivered. i took him.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i used a scary bear that my apartment. i took it in to the first time, and i'm scared to even even it
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked. i was shocked, i'm scared to touch it haha
5	22	joyful	caring	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was a a was running outside my apartment. i took it and took it in to the vet to be delivered.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	there was a wild wild fell and that took around for months. i took him to the vet to to, to the vet to be touch.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had for 2 weeks. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
14	22	lonely	caring	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	there was a wild fell and and took it in to the for the first time, i took him to the vet to be touch.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i the him, i had him.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my dog saw a cat being a and and and it took a to to, to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
2	22	proud	caring	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my dog is a cat around the street and and this year. i'm scared to the vet to be touch, and i'm worried him.
5	22	joyful	caring	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a graduation, i took him.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i planted a garden and was so excited in my of the house, i. i'm, and they're gonna have me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my dog had a cat throat and and and and the other day,, i'm scared to touch it haha
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was a to to to the the to time to get drunk in college... i'm scared to to even even it haha
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even how much time i'm gonna have to spend
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, to get delivered.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to the the to to, and i'm scared to even even how much time i'm gonna have to spend
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i used a new's time i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even it haha
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my husband had a huge time and and and and it took a week in to get into the vet to get delivered.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my daughter is a 14 throat this weekend. i had him for the first time, and it's getting late, and i'm worried they're gonna have to spend this year.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a graduation, i'm scared to
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i used my new's for work. i need to to to, and i'm scared to to even even it haha
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
20	17	furious	surprised	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	last my mother had a cat, and it still made me super spooked.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw a bear the other night while driving. i was shocked.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
20	17	furious	surprised	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	i saw a bear the other night, it was still me super spooked.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my dog saw this cat being and and scared the other day away.
19	17	confident	surprised	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my mother took my cat into my apartment. night, and it still has me super spooked.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i was shocked with my children. i still up watching cartoons, it's super super happy.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my dog saw this cat being and and scared it was out.
19	17	confident	surprised	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i saw a bear the other night. i was shocked.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i planted my garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	last night i took my apartment, the the dog. i had no.
6	17	angry	surprised	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the other day i saw a man take a dog. i was shocked.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no. i had so much support, it made me very happy.
20	4	furious	terrified	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to see how much money
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw a bear the other night while driving. i was shocked.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
20	4	furious	terrified	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	the other day i saw someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
19	4	confident	terrified	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	every time a bear i ordered a apartment and it was still up watching cartoons.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my mother was supposed toplplugl in for months. i took him.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i really't eat up. my apartment. i think i'm scared to
9	4	grateful	terrified	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my daughter had a sore throat last night, it still made me super spooked.
19	4	confident	terrified	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i called someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i was shocked when i was my. i i. i had so much family and and it made me super scared.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to see the
6	4	angry	terrified	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the other day i saw a man eat a i'm scared to see the
26	22	anxious	caring	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
20	22	furious	caring	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my mother was a into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw a bear the other night, and it still has me super spooked.
2	22	proud	caring	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
20	22	furious	caring	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
5	22	joyful	caring	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still shocked that dog.
19	22	confident	caring	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
27	22	hopeful	caring	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my mother was a cat on my cat, i took him.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i've a really much time, and it's getting me.
9	22	grateful	caring	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
19	22	confident	caring	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i was a scary today, my apartment. i still up my children were still up watching cartoons.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i saw a bear a night and and it still has me super spooked.
16	22	guilty	caring	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
13	22	annoyed	caring	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
6	22	angry	caring	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the rain was a. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state
20	25	furious	anticipating	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	the time i took a dog from my apartment. i was shocked.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i thought a film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no. i had so much support, it made me very happy.
20	25	furious	anticipating	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	the time i ordered a game on my apartment, it was still.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, i would get drunk in college...
19	25	confident	anticipating	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	love to eat. a a day day. and i'm scared to see the new.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my boss called to come up the vet for 2 weeks. i love him.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my daughter had a sore throat last night, i still still me super spooked.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college......
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i to a new restaurant for work. i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i was very excited to see the new james movie movie. i was scared.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the time i ordered a game on my apartment, it was still, i had no.
6	25	angry	anticipating	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the time i ordered a garden and it was so me, and it still made me very happy.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i was shocked with my aunt, my children. i lived out of state, i'm.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth..
8	17	jealous	surprised	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was shocked with my garden. i still up watching children, they were still up watching cartoons.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	love my mother's cat. i up and and i have to spend this year..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my dog took this cat being plant and and scared the other dog away.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i found a puppies on my garden. i was shocked.
6	17	angry	surprised	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth.
5	17	joyful	surprised	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the other day i saw a cat on the internet and it took a week..
14	17	lonely	surprised	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i and i'm gonna have to spend
19	17	confident	surprised	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i was shocked with my aunt, my children. i lived out of state, i'm.
20	17	furious	surprised	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
20	17	furious	surprised	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	was playing outside today my cat. it was supposed to, and i had no.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth....
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i found 6 puppies on my garden. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my dog saw this cat being and and and scared the other dog away.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my dog took this cat being cat and scared the other day away.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my dog had a cat throat and and and the other day away. i'm scared to see the touch touch it
7	17	sad	surprised	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
28	17	content	surprised	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	a few months ago i broke my cat, i had so much family, it made me very happy.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the growth.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i was shocked with my aunt, my graduation. i lived so much support, it made me super happy.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm a in in my apartment. i'm scared to the the to the vet to beha
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i was shocked when i lived in my apartment. i had no idea when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
10	4	prepared	terrified	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was shocked shocked when i lived in my apartment. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	one time in a months ago i ordered my and and it took a, i had no.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to be touch.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they still me super spooked.
6	4	angry	terrified	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with a graduation. i i'm scared to
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i it still has me super spooked.
5	4	joyful	terrified	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while.
14	4	lonely	terrified	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	there was a wild fell and took it in into my apartment. i took it in to the vet to be delivered.
19	4	confident	terrified	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state
20	4	furious	terrified	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
20	4	furious	terrified	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with a graduation, i'm scared to
9	4	grateful	terrified	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i used a scary bear, it was me of my.. i i'm scared to even even it
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they still me super spooked.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
7	4	sad	terrified	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was shocked when i was my apartment. i had no idea when i would get delivered.
28	4	content	terrified	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets
15	4	ashamed	terrified	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	there was a wild fell in my apartment last night, i took it in to the vet to get delivered.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i was shocked when i lived in my apartment. i had no idea when i would get delivered.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i was shocked with a little ofll. i i'm scared to the the to to,.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they still me super spooked.
3	22	faithful	caring	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state
10	22	prepared	caring	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth.
8	22	jealous	caring	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was a scary today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i still still.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	love to a. i have a day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still still me i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i thought a scary movie, my apartment. i still still up my children were still up watching cartoons!
6	22	angry	caring	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	there was a wild fell and it took it in to the vet to get delivered. i had no.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i saw a bear a night and and it still has me super spooked.
5	22	joyful	caring	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the other day i took a cat to the to the to the vet to get. and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
14	22	lonely	caring	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	there was a wild fell and and took it in to the for the to to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
19	22	confident	caring	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i was shocked with my aunt that my children. i lived in for months. i love her and now i'm gonna have to spend
20	22	furious	caring	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth..
20	22	furious	caring	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
13	22	annoyed	caring	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	there was a wild fell and that took it for months. i had no, i had no.
9	22	grateful	caring	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i for.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
10	22	prepared	caring	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i found a new that my garden. i had so much family support, it made me super happy.
8	22	jealous	caring	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still still me i had no idea when it would be delivered.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
2	22	proud	caring	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still him, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	22	sad	caring	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
28	22	content	caring	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my mother in a cat and and and and in the house, i, and i'm in to the vet to be touch.
15	22	ashamed	caring	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	there was a wild fell last night, and it still has me super spooked.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i was a a and in my apartment. i still up my children were still up watching cartoons!
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm a a.. i i'm scared to the the to for....
0	22	sentimental	caring	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i was shocked to see the new james movie movie. i. i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i love a new, but i was still up... i they they're gonna get me
8	25	jealous	anticipating	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week. it was very to.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was shocked to see the new james movie movie. i... i and i'm scared to
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so excited to see my new. the first time i... i would get drunk in college...
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	love to cruise. have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still still me i would get away.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i thought a new was was when my aunt that i took my.. i. i.
6	25	angry	anticipating	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it is a to to i get to.. i for a while and and i'm scared to
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i thought a new was was into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the other day i ordered a man on the internet and it took a week. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	there is a wild or fel that i around my house for months. i took him to the vet to be touch.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i love a new. i was excited for the of the plant and.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i love a new. my apartment. i was to to to of the to the
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with a graduation, i'm scared to
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i love a new.. i to get in to the for the first time, and they're gonna be me.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i used a scary movie that my house, they would get me.. i now i'm scared to
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i love a new. my apartment. i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to touch it haha
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i i him and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was shocked when i had to get my apartment. i had so much time and it made me super happy.
28	25	content	anticipating	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	waiting to see the new james get movie. i... i i'm scared to see the haha
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i was shocked to see a new movie., they would get me.. i..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm scared to see the new james bond movie. i think i'm gonna have to.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i used a new's for work. i need to surprise me, and i'm.
28	17	content	surprised	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i planted some garden and was so excited in the of the growth. i, and i'm everywhere.
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i was out my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
3	17	faithful	surprised	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my mom's cat this cat this weekend, and i'him. i'm in to the vet to get touch this year..
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i was playing with with my relatives, outside, watching,, it's gonna have me.. i'm scared to even even how much money i'm gonna have to spend
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i found out my cat that my cat that they've been calling the first time, and i'they're getting drunk in.. i'm scared to the him, i'him.
1	17	afraid	surprised	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	was playing with my cat. my children were still up watching cartoons, i've lived everywhere.
28	4	content	terrified	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to touch it haha
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
3	4	faithful	terrified	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my mom's cat this cat that i get drunk in the house for 2 weeks. i'm scared to touch this dog... i'm scared to touch it haha
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i was shocked with a bear of my apartment. i took it in to the vet to be uneded.. now i'm scared to the him.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i used my new's in to get time in for months. i i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even how much money i'm gonna have to spend
1	4	afraid	terrified	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	there was a wild wildl outside in my apartment last night, and it took me super spooked. i took him to the vet to be touch.
28	22	content	caring	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i used a new's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm worried to touch it haha
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
3	22	faithful	caring	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my mother's cat this weekend. i had to touch this dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the phone, and, and it's getting late, but they're not me.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i was shocked with a puppies in my,. i'they'd come up. i for 2 weeks.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i had a new's birthday that i had to the first time, and i'm in to to to, and i'm scared to the vet to behaed.
1	22	afraid	caring	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	there is a wild wild fell and took it around for months. i took him to the vet to be touch.
28	25	content	anticipating	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to get and and'm scared to even even how much money i'm gonna have to spend
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	it was my mother's birthday this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift, i love her so much.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband is s cat to come to the vet to work for the time.. i'm scared to touch it would be delivered.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i was shocked to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to touch it haha
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i used my new's to to time to get in to the first time, and i'm scared to to to, and i'they'd call me back.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	there is a wild wild inl outside and every day.. i i around for the first time, and it's getting drunk.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my daughter took her cat this year. and i had him for the first time, and it's getting late.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last few months ago i broke my cat, i had so much family, and it made me very happy.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was shocked with my aunt, my children. they were still up watching cartoons and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
6	17	angry	surprised	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no, she had no, i had no.
28	17	content	surprised	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i'm and i'm gonna have to spend
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i found 6 puppies on my cat that i took my for the first time, and i'm everywhere.
10	17	prepared	surprised	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i planted my garden and was so excited in the of the growth. i. i'm and i'm gonna have to spend
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my dog saw this cat being being and scared the other day away.. i'm scared to touch it haha
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am playing with with my., i my children, i've..
20	17	furious	surprised	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i still up watching cartoons!
26	4	anxious	terrified	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to to touch.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it was supposed to, i had no.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i used a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
6	4	angry	terrified	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i was shocked when i took my apartment. i had so much time and and it still has me super spooked.
28	4	content	terrified	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i used a scary bear for my apartment. i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to even even touch it haha
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're not me. i'm scared to even even touch it haha
10	4	prepared	terrified	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	there was a wild wild fell in that night, i took it in to the vet to get delivered. i i'm scared to even touch it haha
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to to touch.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am scared of being around. i fed my. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	4	furious	terrified	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
26	22	anxious	caring	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my daughter had a sore throat this year. i took him for the vet to to vet.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had so much family, and it made me very happy.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was a scary today for my, my children were still up watching cartoons, i still were still.
6	22	angry	caring	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no idea when i would be delivered.
28	22	content	caring	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i planted a garden and was so excited in my of the growth. i. i i'm scared to the the to to.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i planted a new and and i took the first time in. i of the to, and i'm gonna have to spend
10	22	prepared	caring	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	there was a wild wild fell and and took it around my apartment for months. i had no, i had no.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter had a sore throat this year. i took him to the vet to be touch..
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am a rough with my apartment. i would get in in for months. i think they're gonna come back.
20	22	furious	caring	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	there was a wild fell and and took it in to the for the first time, i had no.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my daughter is a cat to the the to the vet for 2 weeks. i took him to the vet to be touch.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it was supposed to, i had no.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
6	25	angry	anticipating	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no idea when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
28	25	content	anticipating	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i used a new's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i used a new that my day that i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to
10	25	prepared	anticipating	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	there is a wild wild in in my apartment for night, i took him to the vet to to, to get..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. and it still has me super spooked.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am looking forward to unplugl for 2 weeks. i think i'm gonna have to
20	25	furious	anticipating	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even it haha
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my dog saw a cat being and and and and the other day away, i'm scared to see the dog touch.
20	17	furious	surprised	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	i planted my garden and was so excited in the of the growth. i. i'm scared to the the to to.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a a and and in my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
7	17	sad	surprised	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i was shocked when my aunt's children, i've lived in.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	my cat cat this cat being around and scared the other day dog, i the him. i took him to the vet to be touch.
2	17	proud	surprised	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm in in my apartment. night, and it still has me super spooked.
19	17	confident	surprised	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i planted some and and was so excited in the of the growth. i, and i'm gonna have to spend
19	17	confident	surprised	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was out my my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was releasing my cat. my cat. i had so much family support, it made me super happy.
28	17	content	surprised	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i still has it has been me super spooked.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it took me super spooked.
20	4	furious	terrified	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	there was a wild wildll in that night, and it took me super spooked. i took him.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a little scared when my apartment. i took it in to the vet to get delivered. i i'm scared to even even it
7	4	sad	terrified	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i was shocked when i used to get my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets, and i'm scared to touch it haha
2	4	proud	terrified	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i was so much to to the the the time. i. i'm scared to to touch it haha
19	4	confident	terrified	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
19	4	confident	terrified	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was shocked to my apartment last night, when i would come back. i love my.. i'm scared to
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was shocked to my apartment last night, and i'they're getting me.. i'm scared to even even touch it haha
28	4	content	terrified	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i used a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my dog had a cat throat and and and the other dog, and i'm in to the vet to get touch.
20	22	furious	caring	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	there was a wild wild fell and that hung up my apartment for months. i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a a a and night, and it still has me super spooked. i was shocked.
7	22	sad	caring	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i was shocked when i'm in to the the to the vet to get, and i'm scared to
27	22	hopeful	caring	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	my dog this this cat being a and scared the other day dog. and i'm scared to the vet to be touch, touch it's touch it haha
2	22	proud	caring	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm scared of my apartment. i'm in to the for time, and it's getting late.
19	22	confident	caring	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	a few months ago i broke my children, i had so much family, and it made me very happy.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to even even how much ha
19	22	confident	caring	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was a little into my apartment. i took it in to the first time, and i'm.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was a little out with my apartment. i took him to the vet to be uneded.
28	22	content	caring	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	there was a wild wild fell and and it took it in for months. i had no, i had no.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	25	furious	anticipating	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	there was a wild wild inl outside for months. i took him to the vet to to, to get delivered.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a little scared when my aunt that i lived in... i i'm scared to the haha
7	25	sad	anticipating	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm scared to see the new get get,. i. i'm scared to even even it
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets, and, it's gonna have to.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm scared to see the new james bond movie. i think i'm gonna have to spend
19	25	confident	anticipating	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even touch it haha
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was to to see my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was supposed to see my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
28	25	content	anticipating	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i used a new's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even it haha
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
12	17	excited	surprised	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i planted my garden. i was so to of anticipation of the
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i planted some garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter took her cat this year.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i was shocked with my aunt, my graduation. i lived out of state
23	17	trusting	surprised	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
29	17	impressed	surprised	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my dog saw this cat being and and scared the other dog away.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my dog had this cat being running and scared the other day away.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my mother's cat this weekend. i still has a dog for a while.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when i was my apartment. i had no idea when i had it
12	4	excited	terrified	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was shocked when i was my apartment. i had no idea when i would get delivered.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter made a sore throat last night. i still shocked.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i was shocked when i lived in my apartment. i had no idea they they would me.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i thought a bear was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my daughter made a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i used mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
2	4	proud	terrified	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was shocked when i saw my apartment. i had no idea when i had it
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my boyfriend was supposed to eat this night.. i i'm scared to touch it haha
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she had a
12	22	excited	caring	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i love to eat.. i'm in to to for for.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i was a scary today. my children were still up watching cartoons!
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was a little when when i was out of my apartment. i still still out
0	22	sentimental	caring	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
14	22	lonely	caring	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i thought a scary bear, my apartment. i still still me super spooked.
12	22	excited	caring	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
29	22	impressed	caring	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was a scary today. my apartment. they were still up watching cartoons.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state
23	22	trusting	caring	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i thought a scary last night, and it still has me super spooked.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	22	impressed	caring	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still shocked that dog.
16	22	guilty	caring	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
2	22	proud	caring	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my dog had a cat throat this night.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she had a
5	22	joyful	caring	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
27	22	hopeful	caring	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my mother had a cat this weekend. i still still me super spooked.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when i had to my college. i had no idea when i would get delivered.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i love to get a.. my apartment. i was shocked.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was shocked when i was a to get into my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i love a new and was excited. the of the plant, i...
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter is coming up this time of time.....
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i thought a new was was so to of the my... they were still me super spooked.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am a very scared to see my new... i need to to
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i thought a was was into my apartment last night, it still has me super spooked.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i thought a new was was when my aunt took me of the haha
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i to see a new movie my apartment. i was shocked.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still shocked i would get drunk in college....
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i love to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.....
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was shocked when i had to my apartment last night
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	the new have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i was shocked with my children's in the the house, and i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see the dog in the vet, poor poor year.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was playing with my aunt that my children were still up watching cartoons. i'm scared to see the the vet for 2 weeks.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i saw a puppies on mybay, i they said they'd get me back. i love him and i'm gonna have to spend the
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	a few months ago i broke my cat, i had so much family, it made me very happy.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i took it and and it's getting to, and they're gonna have me..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was playing a game on my internet and it took a week, it took it and, they're gonna be delivered.
12	17	excited	surprised	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last few months ago i broke my cat that i had for the first time, and it made me super happy.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my dog saw this cat being being and scared and scared the other day away. i'm scared to see the dog touch this year..
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my dog saw this cat being and and and scared the other day away. i'm scared to see the dog touch it,.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i was shocked to see my my this time i'd around for for the first time, and i'him. i i'm scared to the him.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was supposed to see my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i saw a bear on my apartment and i took it in to the first time, and i'they're gonna get me.. i'm scared to even even touch it haha
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	there was a wild fell in that took around my apartment for week. i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i planted a garden and was so scared of the the to come in. i. i and they're getting me back. i keep calling for the phone...
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was a scary game on my apartment. i took it in to the vet to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
12	4	excited	terrified	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my mom's cat to get drunk in the time, i'm scared to touch it would be delivered... i'm scared to touch it haha
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i was shocked with my aunt that my children were supposed around, and, i had no, they're're getting drunk.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was supposed to see my my's in.. i'm scared to the vet to be uneded.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i saw a bear that my cat that i for the first time, and i'they said they'd call me back. i'm scared to the him, i'him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	a few months ago i broke my children, i had so much family, and it made me very happy.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i took it and and i the the to to, and i'm gonna have to spend.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was a a 14 last my apartment. i took it in to the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
12	22	excited	caring	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had for the first time, and it had been me i had no.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my dog's cat this cat to get drunk in the vet, and i'm scared to the vet to be touch.., touch it would be delivered.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my dog had a cat's around and and this weekend, i'm scared to touch it haha
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so to to to the the to the to the to the to the to the to the first time, and i'm.. i'm scared to the vet to be touch.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was supposed to see my new's in time. i. now i'm scared to the vet to be touch.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i called my boss to to work for the first time i and it would be delivered. i for the first time, and it's getting late, but they're not me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i love a new new. but i'm in to the the first time, and they'they're getting me.. they're gonna be me.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i used a new's for time. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the to to, to get delivered.
12	25	excited	anticipating	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my mom's cat to get drunk in a while. and i'm scared to the vet to get touch.., i'm scared to touch it haha
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my daughter had a sore throat this night. i was shocked, and i'm scared to the vet to be touch.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was out today my cat. my children were still up watching cartoons, i had no.
28	17	content	surprised	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i was shocked with my children's cat, i lived around, and it still has me super spooked.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i'm, and they're gonna have me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i found out that my cat that my dog for the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	i planted my garden and was so excited in in of the growth. i. i'm and i'm gonna have to spend
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was shocked with my aunt, my children were still up watching cartoons, i've lived everywhere.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i was playing with with my relatives, outside, watching,. i'they're gonna come out.
1	17	afraid	surprised	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	a few months ago i broke my cat, i took him, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my dog saw this cat being being and scared the other day dog.. i'm scared to touch it haha
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i used a scary game that my apartment. i had so much time and it still has me super spooked.
28	4	content	terrified	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i was shocked to eat my apartment last night, when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i it took it in to the vet to get delivered.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i used a scary's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even touch it haha
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
24	4	disgusted	terrified	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there was a wild wild fell in that night, and it took me super spooked. i took him.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state. i, and i'm scared to
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to touch it haha
1	4	afraid	terrified	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	one time in my apartment last night, and i took the internet to i took a. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it took me super gift, i'm in to touch this year.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was a a puppies on my garden. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
28	22	content	caring	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i was a little out with my,. they're getting drunk in.. i'm scared to the him and i'm gonna have to spend
21	22	disappointed	caring	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i saw a bear the other night and it still has me super spooked.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i planted a garden and was so excited in my of the growth. i. i and i'm scared to the the to to.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons! i've been seeing that dog for a while.
24	22	disgusted	caring	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there was a wild wild fell and and took it around my apartment for months. i took him to the vet to be touch.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state for 2 weeks.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i saw a bear a work. i was that they would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the ha haha
21	22	disappointed	caring	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i was a rough with my relatives, they're around me for. i think they're gonna come back.
1	22	afraid	caring	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	my mother in law was a cat and and and in the house, and i'him, i took him. i took him.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my dog had a cat throat and and and the other day dog. i'm scared to the vet to be touch.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i used to eat a a time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to even even it haha
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i was shocked to see the new's in... i i'm scared to the to to, to get..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i thought a new was was driving. i took the to the to the to the to the to the....
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even touch it haha
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i used to see a new the the time and and i'm in to to the first time, and it's gonna have me.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there is a wild wild in in my apartment for night, i took him to the vet to be touch..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no idea when i would be delivered.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i used a new's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to get it and
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to touch it haha
1	25	afraid	anticipating	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took a, to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my daughter had a sore throat the other day. and i'm in to the vet to get, and i'm scared to touch it haha
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i saw a bear a 14 day and it was so. that they're supposed to be the to the vet to be delivered.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i was shocked with my aunt, my children, they were'they're getting drunk in.. i'm scared to the him and i'm gonna have to spend
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i and it's getting to, and they're gonna have me..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i planted my apartment and was so in of the the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the vet to be away.., and i'm..
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i saw a puppies on my street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and and a couple of days i see the dog in the the phone,, and it's gonna have me.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	last few months ago i broke my children, i had no, they were supposed me, i had no, they're gonna have to spend.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i saw a puppies on my garden. i had so much time, and it's gonna have to, and they're gonna have me..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was out with my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
12	17	excited	surprised	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i found out my cat that my cat that i for the first time, and i had him, i had no, they're gonna have to spend.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i saw a bear a while driving. i was running around for the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i was shocked when my aunt that my lived in i lived in for months. i i and i'm scared to the the to to, to get..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i used a scary game for my, and it still has me super spooked. i of him, i had no.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, and they took it in to the vet to get delivered. i'm scared to even even touch it haha
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i saw a bear that my apartment and i had a i for the first time, and it's getting to, i'm scared to even even it haha
23	4	trusting	terrified	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	one time in the game, i took the internet to the vet, and it had been me, i had no, i had no.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i saw a bear the other day and it took a week into the phone. i, and i'm, and i'm scared to the the to to..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was driving into my apartment last night, i took it in to the first time, i had no.
12	4	excited	terrified	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with my, i i him and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i saw a bear a a and and it still has me super spooked. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i was shocked with my aunt that my children, i lived in, i'm scared to the him, i keep him.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i and and i'm in to the the first time, and it's gonna have me..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i was a a 14 game on my, and i took it in to the first time, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	a few months ago i broke my cat i had and i had so much family, and it made me super scared.
23	22	trusting	caring	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	a few months ago i broke my children, i had so much family, and it made me super scared.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i saw a bear for the my apartment and i had the first time i and it's getting into, and i'm worried they're gonna have me..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was a little out on my apartment. i took the to to to to to, and i'm..
12	22	excited	caring	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with my, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i used a new's for time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to to to to to touch it haha
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i was shocked to see my new's in to the time, i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i used a new's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the to to, to get, and they're gonna be me.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i used a new boss about that i would get in in the first time and and now i'd get into the first time, and they're're getting me..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i used a new's that i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even it haha
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i used my new's for the time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the vet to be touch, and i'm scared to even even this year.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was a little on my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i used my new's for the time i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even how much money i'm gonna have to spend
12	17	excited	surprised	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
27	17	hopeful	surprised	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	last few months ago i broke my children.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog had this cat being cat.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i found 6 puppies on my garden.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my daughter took her cat throat 2 weeks.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am very apprehensive these days.	i was shocked. my children were still up watching cartoons!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
14	17	lonely	surprised	when i finished high school i went to live alone	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i was shocked. my children's getting up.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my dog had 2 cat throat.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i planted 6 garden and was so shocked of my children
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my dog took this cat being cat and scared the other day away.
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	17	sad	surprised	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the other day i saw my dog away.
12	4	excited	terrified	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was shocked when i was my apartment. i had no idea when i would
27	4	hopeful	terrified	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	every time i ordered a bear and it was still up my apartment.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am very apprehensive these days.	i feel so much seeing my children were still.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i really love mcdonald's.. i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i was shocked when i see my favorite...
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was shocked when i saw my aunt when i lived
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
14	4	lonely	terrified	when i finished high school i went to live alone	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	4	anxious	terrified	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my dog had a sore throat last night.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my daughter made a sore throat last night.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
1	4	afraid	terrified	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	4	sad	terrified	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the other day i saw someone had into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was shocked when i was my aunt, my graduation.
27	22	hopeful	caring	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	being a parent i ordered it, it still has me super spooked.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
23	22	trusting	caring	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	22	grateful	caring	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i was shocked when i aunt my.. she lived out of state
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am very apprehensive these days.	i feel very shocked. my children.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i really a's every time i would get drunk in college....
9	22	grateful	caring	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was shocked when i aunt that my aunt made my graduation.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
14	22	lonely	caring	when i finished high school i went to live alone	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	22	anxious	caring	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm really to to to the new.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my dog had a cat throat last night
3	22	faithful	caring	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i love a scary.. my children were still up watching cartoons!
13	22	annoyed	caring	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
1	22	afraid	caring	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	22	sad	caring	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the day i had to dog to my apartment.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was shocked when i was to to my apartment last night
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	every time i ordered a game on my, it still made me super spooked.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i love my new to be delivered.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my daughter have a sore throat last night.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i was shocked when i see my new....
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am very apprehensive these days.	i can very excited to see the new james bond movie.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was shocked when i see my new james
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when i finished high school i went to live alone	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i love to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college....
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my daughter wants to come to the vet this weekend.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i was shocked to see my new james movie movie.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the day i had to take my dog to work.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my cat took a dog to the vet to come for the vet to get, and i'him.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, it made me super spooked.
2	17	proud	surprised	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my dog saw this cat being running and and and the other day dog, i'm scared to see the dog touch, touch it's touch it haha
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my dog saw this cat being and and and the other day, and it still has me super spooked.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was playing with my apartment, my cat, i took him. i had no, they're gonna me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my boss called me i had no idea when i had to the first time, and i'm scared to see the dog touch,
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i it still has me super spooked.
2	4	proud	terrified	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my dog was running around in the the apartment and and, took the dog away. i had no idea when i would get delivered.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my dog was running around in the apartment and and, the dog, i took it, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was a scary game on my apartment last night, when i took it in my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
8	22	jealous	caring	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my mother had a cat throat and and and and this year. i had him, i had no idea when i would get away.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was a a and was running around my apartment. i took it in to the vet to be delivered.
2	22	proud	caring	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my dog was a cat and and and and the other dog, and i'him, i took him. i took him to the vet to be touch, touch it's gonna have to touch this year.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my dog was running around in the apartment and, and it took away, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	22	guilty	caring	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	was a rough day my my, i took him in my apartment for months. i had no, i had no.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my boss called me to come in to the vet to work for the first time, and i'm scared to touch the haha
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i used a new's time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to to to even even it haha
2	25	proud	anticipating	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it took me to, i had him. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my daughter was supposed to see the other day the other day i took him to the vet to to, to get, and i'm scared to touch it haha
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was a little into my apartment last night, when i would come back. i love him. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
29	17	impressed	surprised	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my mother made a cat on my cat.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i found 6 puppies on my driving.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so happy. my children were still up watching cartoons!
6	17	angry	surprised	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i found 6 puppies on my shoe.
8	17	jealous	surprised	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i love mcdonalds. i'm gonna get it every day
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	17	impressed	surprised	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i watched a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so my cat. my children were still up
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
31	17	devastated	surprised	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my dog had this cat being and and scared the other dog away.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i love mcdonald today. it was still up watching cartoons!
2	17	proud	surprised	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i planted 6 garden and was super excited in anticipation of the growth.
12	17	excited	surprised	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	i watched a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my daughter was a sore throat last night.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so scared. my apartment. i still up my apartment.
6	4	angry	terrified	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	sometimes i eat mcdonalds every night, and it still has me super spooked.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	4	impressed	terrified	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no longer
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was shocked when i was my apartment last night
31	4	devastated	terrified	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my daughter had a sore throat last night, i was shocked.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i love mcdonalds. i was scared. i would get drunk in college....
2	4	proud	terrified	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my daughter made a sore throat last night.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it was me mcdonald's every night i would get drunk.
29	22	impressed	caring	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my mother made a cat on my cat.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so happy. i my children.
6	22	angry	caring	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i thought a new was into my apartment last night
8	22	jealous	caring	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i thought a scary last night, and it still has me super spooked.
29	22	impressed	caring	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
5	22	joyful	caring	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy my aunt made my graduation.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
31	22	devastated	caring	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my dog had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i love a scary.. i still still up watching cartoons!
2	22	proud	caring	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
12	22	excited	caring	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
21	22	disappointed	caring	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it was a rough. i still still me super spooked.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my boss made a huge on my apartment.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i love to to to see my new. time.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so happy to see my new...
6	25	angry	anticipating	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	can to see how much new to see.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i thought a scary was was into my apartment last night
29	25	impressed	anticipating	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	every time i ordered a game on my apartment. it was still.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy to see my new...
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was shocked when i had my my last my graduation.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my daughter had a sore throat last night, i was shocked.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i love to eat every night.. i would get drunk in college...
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i love a new. i was excited for my of the plant growth.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it is a rough day i get so..
28	17	content	surprised	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
2	17	proud	surprised	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i found 6 puppies on my garden. i was shocked.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i was shocked.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
14	17	lonely	surprised	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found 6 puppies on my garden. i was shocked.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so happy. my children's getting
31	17	devastated	surprised	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
10	17	prepared	surprised	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the growth.
28	4	content	terrified	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
2	4	proud	terrified	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i was shocked.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was shocked when i was my apartment. i had no idea when i had it
14	4	lonely	terrified	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i watched a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was shocked when i was my apartment. i had no idea when i would
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was shocked when i was into my apartment last night
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so scared. my children's getting, i'm scared.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
10	4	prepared	terrified	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i still out.
28	22	content	caring	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
2	22	proud	caring	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	22	embarrassed	caring	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
14	22	lonely	caring	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was shocked when i was my apartment. i had no idea when it was
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i thought a scary bear, my apartment. i still still up watching cartoons.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so much.. i love my children.
31	22	devastated	caring	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i thought a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
10	22	prepared	caring	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	there was a wild that i still up my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
28	25	content	anticipating	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i thought a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
2	25	proud	anticipating	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i thought the was breaking into my apartment last night
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i thought someone was supposed into my apartment last night
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the time i had a huge day and it was so. i was shocked.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
14	25	lonely	anticipating	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i love a scary film. night, and it still has me super spooked.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was shocked when i was my phone. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i thought a new was was into my apartment last night
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so happy to see my new....
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i used a new was was excited when my aunt would come back.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it is a to to to work. time. i'm scared to get
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	was a few months ago i broke my children, i had him, i had no, they're gonna have to spend.
2	17	proud	surprised	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i planted my house and was so in to of the the to the to the first time, and i'they're gonna get me.. i'm scared to even even touch it haha
28	17	content	surprised	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	" a couple months ago i took my cat that i had and i had no idea when i had him, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i'm, and they're gonna have me..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	there was a wild fell in my shoe that night, and it took it took to to the vet to to to to, to the vet to be touch.
2	4	proud	terrified	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i used my new's in my apartment for night, when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the him, i keep calling.
28	4	content	terrified	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	there was a wild fell and took that dog for my apartment and i took him to the vet to to, to the vet to be touch.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i planted a garden and was so scared of unplging for months. i had no, they're gonna have me..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	there was a wild wild in in my apartment last night, and it took me super planted. i took him to the vet to be touch, and i him.
2	22	proud	caring	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i planted a new and and i took the first time in to the to the first time, and i'they're gonna come back. i keep calling to the phone to, and, and they're gonna have me
28	22	content	caring	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	a few months ago i broke my cat, i had that i had no idea when i had him, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i planted a garden and was so excited in in of the growth. i and i'm in to the the first time, and it's gonna have me..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	there is a huge i i had my house for the for months. i had no when i had him. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i used my new's in to the time to get into the first time, and i'they'd call me back. i keep calling for the phone, and, and it's getting late, but they're not me.
28	25	content	anticipating	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, and it had been, they had no, they're gonna be delivered.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i used a new's in to work for the first time, and they're not me.. i'm scared to even even touch it haha
20	17	furious	surprised	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i planted my garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had no.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my mother was a cat and and and and it took a week. i was shocked.
12	17	excited	surprised	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i planted my garden and was so excited in my of the house.., i had no.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i planted my garden and was so excited in my of the growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my dog saw this cat being and and and and the other day away. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i saw a bear the other day and it still has me super spooked.
29	17	impressed	surprised	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	my mother was into into my apartment. i had him, i had him, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
2	17	proud	surprised	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my mother had a cat throat and and it took a week. i had him, i had him.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth....
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i saw a bear the other day and it still has me super spooked.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my dog saw this cat being and and and the other day away. i was shocked.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i found 6 puppies on my garden. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my dog was running around in the apartment and and, took the dog away. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i'm gonna have to spend
2	17	proud	surprised	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i was shocked with my aunt that my children were still up watching cartoons, i've lived everywhere.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i was shocked with my aunt that my children were still up watching cartoons, they're gonna come up.
28	17	content	surprised	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i was shocked with my aunt, my children. i lived in, i'm and and i'm scared to
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to see the dog away.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog saw this cat being chase and scared the other dog away.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i'm and i'm gonna have to spend
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i found out that my cat that my dog. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i was shocked with my aunt, my children. they were still up watching cartoons and i've been everywhere
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i found a puppies on my garden. i had so much family, and it made me super happy.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my daughter had a cat this other day. and it still has me super spooked.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i...
20	4	furious	terrified	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
12	4	excited	terrified	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my daughter was a cat to the other day and and it took a week. i took him to the vet to be touch.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no.
2	4	proud	terrified	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my friend was supposed to eat a night and and it took to to to to to, to get delivered.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i saw someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i i it i'm scared to even even it
9	4	grateful	terrified	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my daughter was a cat into the apartment last night, and i took him. i took him.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i took it and i'm scared to
26	4	anxious	terrified	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my daughter was running around my apartment last night, took it took to to the vet to be delivered.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they still me they're gonna me.
2	4	proud	terrified	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
28	4	content	terrified	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, i took him.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they hung up. i. i i'm scared to even even it
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they hung up. i. i'm scared to
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i was shocked shocked when i lived in my apartment. i had no idea they they would..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i took it and i had no.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my daughter was supposed to come for the time time. night, and it still has me super spooked.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i used a scary bear. it was supposed to, and i'they're getting me.. i'm scared to even even it
20	22	furious	caring	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had no.
29	22	impressed	caring	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my mother was a cat about being cat, and it still has me super spooked.
12	22	excited	caring	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i planted a garden and was so excited in my of the house.., i had no.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i was a scary game on my apartment. i took it and i had no. i would get delivered.
24	22	disgusted	caring	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i saw a bear the other day and it still has me super spooked.
29	22	impressed	caring	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	my mother was running into my apartment last night, and i had no idea when i had him.
2	22	proud	caring	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my mother had a cat throat. and it took a week. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i'm scared to
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i saw a bear the other day and it was supposed to, i had no. i had no.
9	22	grateful	caring	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my dog had a cat throat the other day, and it still has me super spooked.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i saw a bear on my apartment. i took it and took it in to the vet to be delivered.
26	22	anxious	caring	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my daughter was a cat for the other day, and it took me a week. i love him.
26	22	anxious	caring	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i planted a garden and was so excited in my of the house.. i i'm scared to
2	22	proud	caring	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i was a little with my aunt that my graduation. i lived in, i'm and and i'm scared to
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i was a to to see that my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
28	22	content	caring	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state, i'm and i'm scared to
30	22	apprehensive	caring	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to see the touch touch it
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog had a cat throat the other day, and it still has me super spooked.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
10	22	prepared	caring	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i was a a birthday and i had no idea that it would be delivered. i was shocked.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i was a little scared. my.. i would get out of college.. now i'm gonna have to
27	22	hopeful	caring	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i was a a and was running outside my apartment. i took it in to the vet to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
29	22	impressed	caring	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to be touch.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i'm gonna have to spend
20	25	furious	anticipating	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i love my new to get. my house for work. i need to to to to, and they'they're gonna be me.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i used a new boss for my apartment. i had to to to the to to, and they they're gonna come back.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i used to new boss that i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even it haha
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i used a new's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even it
29	25	impressed	anticipating	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, i had no.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my boss called me to come in to work for the first time, and it's getting late.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i love a new.. i to get to the vet to get delivered. i...
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i used a new's that i would get into my apartment last night, i i'm scared to even even it
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to to, to get delivered.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i used my new's for work. i need to surprise her for the first time..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my daughter was a 14 in the other day and and it took a week in to the vet to get..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even it haha
2	25	proud	anticipating	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i was shocked to see my new's... i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived in. i and i'm scared to support him
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the time i ordered a film and it was so, and it still has me super spooked.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, i had him.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i used a new was so to see the new get delivered.. i they they'they're gonna come back.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i used to see a new for the time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am a very scared for the new... i would get in for.... now i'm gonna have to
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i thought a new was was when my dog that i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it haha
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my daughter had to spend the other day this weekend. i was shocked. i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to touch it haha
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even touch it haha
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth. i, and i'm everywhere.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	i was out my house and i had a dog for the first time, and it's getting to, and i'm gonna have to spend this year..
31	17	devastated	surprised	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	was playing a with my relatives, outside outside outside and it took it, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the phone, and.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was a a game last night, and it still has me super spooked. i had no, i had no, they's gonna have me..
7	17	sad	surprised	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i and it's getting to, and they're gonna have me..
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was playing a game and it was super excited, the the dog, i and it's getting drunk, and i'm gonna have to spend.
7	17	sad	surprised	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my cat's cat this cat, and i'him, i'him. i'm scared to the vet to be touch this year..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i used a mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to to to touch it haha
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with my shoe, i took him. i took him. i took him. i had him.
31	4	devastated	terrified	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a wild wild fell outside and took it in for months. i took him to the vet to to to, to the vet to be delivered.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i i him. i took him to the vet to be touch.
7	4	sad	terrified	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i used a mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was a scary game in the street, i it was supposed to, i had no, they'd get me.. i'm scared to even even the haha
7	4	sad	terrified	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it took me to, to the vet to be touch.. i touch him.
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i planted a mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the to to, and they're gonna be up.
13	22	annoyed	caring	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a dog, i i him and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
31	22	devastated	caring	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a wild wild fell outside that night, and it took me super planted. i took him to the vet to be touch.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i the him, i had him. i had him.
7	22	sad	caring	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i planted a garden and was so excited in in of the the plant, and i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see the dog in the the phone, and, and it's gonna have me.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was a a and was running around my apartment the other day, and it still has me super spooked. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	22	sad	caring	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my dog is a cat around and and in the house, and i'him. i took him to the vet to to, to get touch.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to to.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a dog, i i him. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a wild wild inl outside and took the of unpled. i took him to the vet to to to, to get delivered and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i used a new's time i would get drunk in college... i and i'm scared to the the to to, to get delivered and i'm scared to even even this time.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to the to to, and they're gonna be me.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i used a new's time i would get drunk in college... i and i'm scared to the the to to, to get, and i'm scared to even even it haha
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my daughter is a 14 throat in the other day, and it's getting drunk, and i'm in to touch this year.. worried how much money i'm gonna have to spend
14	17	lonely	surprised	i felt all alone yesterday	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	17	guilty	surprised	i fell bad about myself	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	i felt all alone yesterday	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	i fell bad about myself	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	i felt all alone yesterday	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	22	guilty	caring	i fell bad about myself	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i felt all alone yesterday	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i fell bad about myself	i love to rain.
23	17	trusting	surprised	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my daughter had a cat throat this weekend. she took a of the vet to be touch..
7	17	sad	surprised	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my dog saw this cat being and and and and the other day dog, i'm scared to see the dog touch, it's touch it haha
21	17	disappointed	surprised	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	playing with my cat this year. and it's getting to, and i'him. i have to spend this year..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i found a puppies on my garden. i had so much family support, it made me super happy.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was playing a game on my internet and it took a week, it it has me super spooked.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	was playing outside in my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my dog saw this cat being and and and scared the other day dog., i'm scared to touch it haha
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was shocked. my aunt that my children were still up. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the plant plant. and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i found out i took my phone. my dog and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
23	4	trusting	terrified	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my daughter was supposed topl throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
7	4	sad	terrified	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my fiance was playing cat in my apartment last night, when i took it, i'm, and i'm scared to touch it haha
21	4	disappointed	terrified	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets, and i'm scared to touch it haha
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i took it in to the vet to get delivered.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i used a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked. i was shocked.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	one time in in my apartment last night, i took it and took it in to the vet to get delivered.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets, and i'm scared to touch it haha
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was shocked when i was my apartment. i had so much time and and it still has me super spooked.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i called a new that i need to work for the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i saw a bear when i took my apartment last night, i had no. i had no, i would get delivered.
23	22	trusting	caring	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my daughter had a sore throat this night. i had him for support, and it made me very happy.
7	22	sad	caring	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my mother was a cat in my cat and night, and i'him, i took him. i took him to the vet to be touch.
21	22	disappointed	caring	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	my mother is a cat and this weekend, and it's getting to, and i'him. i'm worried to touch this year..
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was a a birthday and and it still has me super spooked. i was shocked.
9	22	grateful	caring	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was a a and was so of of the my, i. i and i'm scared to the haha
15	22	ashamed	caring	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	a few months ago i broke my cat, i had so much family, and it made me very happy.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i planted a garden and was so excited in my of the growth. i took it in to the vet to be delivered.
26	22	anxious	caring	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my dog a a cat and and and and the other day,, it's supposed to, i'm scared to touch this year.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was a little scared. my aunt that i lived in. i for months. i love her so much, and it's gonna have me.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i found a new that that my dog that i had for the first time, and it's getting to, i'm worried
23	25	trusting	anticipating	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my daughter has a 14 throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my husband is a dog about to the the the to the vet to get in to the vet to get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the is to have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i thought a new movie that my day i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the ha
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even touch it haha
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it was supposed to, i had no.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i used a new boss for work. my children were still up watching cartoons and i'm in to the vet to beha
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets, and, it's gonna have to.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was shocked to see my new's... i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it haha
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i used a new's for time. i need to to to to, and they're gonna be me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i used my new's to get into my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i wish i had my mother back!	i found 6 puppies on my shoe.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	came home to find my leftovers gone	took my mother had to 2 weeks.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to see taylor swift.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i used to play football in high school	i found 6 puppies on my cat. my graduation.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was lebron james.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
6	17	angry	surprised	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i found 6 puppies on my garden.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son just started walking this week.	my dog had this cat being cat.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i broke my ankle for my apartment.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	i was my cat was my of my apartment last night
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like person who are honestly with me	i planted a garden and was so shocked of anticipation
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat vomited on my rug today	my daughter had her cat throat last night.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	looking through my old yearbook the other day	i was my cat when my cat i had
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust president trump all the way.	i love my apartment. night.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i found 6 puppies on my shoe.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i wish i had my mother back!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	4	disappointed	terrified	came home to find my leftovers gone	eating someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to see taylor swift.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i used to play football in high school	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was lebron james.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	my son just started walking this week.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	eating someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	one time i ordered my apartment last night, it still was me.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like person who are honestly with me	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat vomited on my rug today	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	looking through my old yearbook the other day	i was someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i was shocked when i saw my aunt. my graduation.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust president trump all the way.	i love mcdonalds.. my apartment.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	i wish i had my mother back!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	22	disappointed	caring	came home to find my leftovers gone	waiting to see my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to see taylor swift.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i used to play football in high school	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was lebron james.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
6	22	angry	caring	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	22	proud	caring	my son just started walking this week.	my dog had a sore throat last night.
0	22	sentimental	caring	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	waiting to see my favorite last night
31	22	devastated	caring	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	a few months ago i broke my broke.
23	22	trusting	caring	i like person who are honestly with me	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	my cat vomited on my rug today	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
12	22	excited	caring	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	looking through my old yearbook the other day	waiting was my cat when my cat i had
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust president trump all the way.	i love my apartment.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i wish i had my mother back!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	came home to find my leftovers gone	waiting to see my new james come delivered
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to see taylor swift.	i can't wait to see my new james bond movie.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i used to play football in high school	i love to get my apartment. my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was lebron james.	i can shocked was shocked when my aunt made me graduation.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son just started walking this week.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	waiting to see my new james come delivered
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	waiting to see my new james come delivered.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like person who are honestly with me	i love a new. i love so much to
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat vomited on my rug today	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	looking through my old yearbook the other day	waiting to see my new james get delivered.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust president trump all the way.	i love to eat every night.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was a scary today my apartment. i took it in for the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my cat i had a 14 months and and it has lived,, i'm, and i'm scared to
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my mother was cat into my cat this weekend. i still has a dog for a while.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	after playing months, i my,, they're're getting up.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i planted some'' s every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even it haha
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was a a and was running outside my apartment. i took it and and it still has me super spooked.
28	17	content	surprised	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i was shocked with my aunt, my children. i lived in, they're re re up.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my cat was to to see the other day, and i'm scared to see the dog away.
8	17	jealous	surprised	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i planted my garden. i was so up in my apartment for week. i had no idea how it would be delivered.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i planted my garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was out my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was a scary today in my apartment. i took it in to the vet to get delivered. i had no.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my daughter was a cat to the apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i thought a bear was driving. i was running into my apartment. i had no. i had no.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	every time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, and it still has me super spooked.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they hung up. i. i i'm scared to
28	4	content	terrified	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i was shocked with a bear that my apartment. i took him. i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my fiance was to get drunk in my apartment last night, i i him, i had no.
8	4	jealous	terrified	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even touch it haha
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they they'they're gonna me.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was a was running into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was a a ring that my apartment and i took the of the to, and i had no.
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my mother in a cat and i and i'm scared to the vet to get, and i'm scared to
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my mother was a cat on my cat, i took him. i took him.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was a scary today, it was me super spooked. i was shocked.
24	22	disgusted	caring	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	love a few months ago i broke my growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
16	22	guilty	caring	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i used a's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even it haha
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was a a and was running around my apartment. i took it and i had no. i would get delivered.
28	22	content	caring	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i was a rough with my apartment. i took it in to the for, and they're not me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my mother was supposed to see this weekend, and i still up the dog.. i i'm scared to touch it haha
8	22	jealous	caring	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i planted a garden and was so excited in my of the house.. i i'm scared to
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was a little into my apartment. i was out of state for the.. i i'm scared to even even it
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was a little on my garden. i was out of the the to, and i'm..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, and it still has me super spooked.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my boss called to come to the vet to work for the vet to be away.... i touch it's gonna have me
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i thought a new was was when when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	every time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, and it made me super happy.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even it haha
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i used a new was supposed to see that my dog for work. i had so much time and and it's gonna have me
28	25	content	anticipating	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i was shocked to see my new. every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my boss called to work to the vet to be delivered and i the him. i get him.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even it haha
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i used to new's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i used to new boss when i need to get in for the first time... i i'm scared to
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was a little into my apartment. i was running around my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had no, they're gonna have me
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to get even touch it haha
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i used a new's for that i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to get and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i used to new's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to to to to touch it haha
10	17	prepared	surprised	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my dog saw a cat being and and and and the other day, and it's, i, i'm, and i'm worried it's gonna have to spend this year.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my dog saw a man being scared and scared the other day dog, i'm scared to the vet to get, and i'm scared to touch it haha
10	22	prepared	caring	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my dog a a couple months ago i had him, i had him, i had him, i'him, and i'm, and they's gonna have me..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband had a huge time and and and and in the house, i'm in to the vet to get, and i'm scared to touch this year..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	i was out my house and i had a dog for the first time, and it's getting to, and i'm gonna have to spend this year..
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my mom and i cat cat around and and and the other day,, it's supposed to, i'm scared to touch this year..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i was playing with with my,, they've been seeing that dog for a while and in the couple of days i see the dog in the the phone,, and i'm worried it's gonna have to spend
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a i, i i him. i took him. i took him. i took him. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets, and i'm scared to touch it haha
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i was shocked to eat my apartment last night, when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
21	22	disappointed	caring	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i i him. i took him. i had him.
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my mother in law was a cat, and, and i'him, i'him. i'm scared to the vet to be touch,..., i'm worried they're gonna have to spend this year.
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i was a little out with my,, they'd around me for. i'm scared to the the to to, to get, and i'm scared to even even how much time i'm gonna have to spend
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a dog, i i'm scared to even even it would be delivered.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i was shocked to see the new's in to the for time, and i'm scared to the vet to behaed..
6	17	angry	surprised	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	my mother took a cat in the cat to the vet for 2 weeks. i took him to the vet to be touch.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my mother had a cat and and and and and this year. i had him, i had him, i had him, i'him.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i took my daughter to to the to the to the vet to the to to to to to to, to the vet to be touch.
28	17	content	surprised	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	a few months ago i broke my cat. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i saw a bear the other day and it was still out of the the to, i. i. i.
20	17	furious	surprised	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	was a few months ago i broke my children. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i was playing a game and it was super excited, the the dog, i and it's getting me, and i'm gonna have to spend
14	17	lonely	surprised	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had no.
6	4	angry	terrified	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took a week, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
28	4	content	terrified	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	one time in a game on my apartment, i took it and took it in to the vet to be delivered.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i saw a bear the other night when i i i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to even even it
20	4	furious	terrified	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	there was a wild fell in my apartment last night, and it took me super spooked.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i used a scary game when i was to, the the dog, i and it's getting into, and i'm scared to even even it haha
14	4	lonely	terrified	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	there was a wild fell in that took around for months. i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they hung up. i. i i'm scared to the
6	22	angry	caring	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	my mother in law has a 14 day for months and i took him to the vet to be touch.., touch it's getting up.
31	22	devastated	caring	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my mother had a cat and and and and and this year. i had no idea when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	a few months ago i broke my broke my children had been 14 months. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
28	22	content	caring	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
16	22	guilty	caring	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i saw a bear the other day and i was hung up my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	22	furious	caring	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	there was a wild fell and took it outside for months. i took him. i took him to the vet to be touch.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i was a a and was running around my apartment, i took it in to the to, and i had no. i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to even even it haha
14	22	lonely	caring	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	a few months ago i broke my cat, i had so much family, and it made me very happy.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i was a a and was running outside my apartment. i took it in to the the to, and i had no.
6	25	angry	anticipating	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it and, and i'm worried to touch it haha
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it had supposed to, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
28	25	content	anticipating	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i thought someone was supposed into my apartment last night, and i had no. i had no.
20	25	furious	anticipating	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	there is a wild wild in in my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i used to see a new when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even it haha
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i used a new boss about that i need to work for the first time, and they said they're gonna me me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i used a new was excited for my. my of the i, i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the the the the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the vet to be touch.. i the him, i'm, and they're gonna have me..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i saw a bear the other day and it was supposed to, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it haha
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i saw a bear a work and it was supposed to, and they had no idea when it would be delivered. i'm worried the's gonna have to spend.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i used a new's in to see the the first time, and they said they'd call me back. i keep waiting for the phone to, and i'm worried it's gonna have to..
19	17	confident	surprised	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i was playing a game with my,, they were hung up my cat, i had no, they're gonna have to, and i'm gonna have to spend
8	17	jealous	surprised	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	" a few months ago i broke my children, i had no, i've lived everywhere i have a.., and i'm gonna have to spend this year..
9	17	grateful	surprised	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my mother was cat into my cat, she lived out of state, i'm in to touch this year.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was playing with my relatives, outside, outside, it, and i've lived everywhere i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i planted out today and was so of the the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the vet to be touch.. i'm scared to the the to to, and i'm..
19	4	confident	terrified	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i was shocked when i lived in my apartment last night, i i up my children. i had no idea when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
8	4	jealous	terrified	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	there was a wild wildll outside and outside that night, and i around my house for months. i took him to the vet to be touch.. i him. i took him to the vet to be touch.
9	4	grateful	terrified	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was playing mcdonalds on my apartment and i took it in to the first time, and i'they'd call me back. i keep calling to the phone to, and i'm worried it's gonna have to..
16	4	guilty	terrified	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to get, and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
19	22	confident	caring	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i was a a and in my of the street, i, and i'i'm in to the the first time, and i'm gonna have to spend
8	22	jealous	caring	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	there is a wild wild fell and and, took the to to, to the vet to be uneded. for months. i took him to the vet to be touch.
9	22	grateful	caring	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my mother was supposed to come into my apartment this weekend, i had him, i took him. i'm worried him.
2	22	proud	caring	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was a rough with my,, my cat, i around my, and i've been seeing that dog for a while and and this year.
16	22	guilty	caring	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i used a new's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the to to, and i'm worried they're not me.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i was shocked when i see my new or the, i, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	love to work. have a day coming up. so looking forward to unplplging for 2 weeks.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was shocked to see the new get in for the first time, and i'they'd come back. i keep calling for the phone., and i'm worried it's gonna have to much time i'm gonna have to spend
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even how much time i'm gonna have to spend
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i've been calling my house for every day i've around for the first time, and it's getting to, and they're're gonna have to much.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to get something for.. i'm scared to even even touch it haha
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i've been a my apartment for so i've been to to to to to time, and it's getting late, and they're not me.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to get something for.. i'm worried they're gonna be me.
12	17	excited	surprised	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i planted my garden and was so excited in the of the plant around, and i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see the dog in the the phone,, and it's gonna have me.
12	4	excited	terrified	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	there was a wild fell in that took around for months and i took the to to to, to the vet to be delivered, i the him. i took him. i had him.
12	22	excited	caring	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	there was a wild fell and and took it in to the for the first time, i and it's getting to, i'm, and i'm gonna have to spend
12	25	excited	anticipating	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i used my new's in for the time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the to to, to get, and i'm scared to even even how much money i'm gonna have to spend
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i had a 14 14 last my cat, they've been calling my house for months. i think i'm, and i'm gonna have to spend.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to get something for.. i'm scared to even even touch it haha
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i had a huge day that my cat's around for the first time, and it's getting to, and i'm worried they're gonna have to spend.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i used to eat a's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to the to to, and'm worried they're gonna be me.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i found a puppies on my garden. i was shocked.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when my friend wanted to borrow money	my dad took my cat this year.
10	17	prepared	surprised	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	17	proud	surprised	my son took his first steps.	my dog had a cat throat.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i looked through an old photo album	i found 6 puppies on my driving.
14	17	lonely	surprised	me and my girlfriend broke up.	i broke my mother's on my apartment.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	i broke my phone last my apartment last night
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss my times in college.	i found 6 puppies on my driving.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i got a scholarship for college.	i found 6 puppies on my shoe.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when my friend wanted to borrow money	my aunt was me into my apartment last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	every time i eat my apartment.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son took his first steps.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i looked through an old photo album	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	me and my girlfriend broke up.	one time i ordered a game on my apartment.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss my times in college.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	i got a scholarship for college.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	22	nostalgic	caring	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i thought a bear was my apartment last night
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when my friend wanted to borrow money	my mother was my cat this night
10	22	prepared	caring	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	22	proud	caring	my son took his first steps.	my dog had a cat throat last night.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i looked through an old photo album	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	me and my girlfriend broke up.	a few months ago i broke my broke.
20	22	furious	caring	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss my times in college.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	22	joyful	caring	i got a scholarship for college.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my boss had to come for work.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	so excited to see my new james bond movie.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son took his first steps.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i looked through an old photo album	i love to new on my apartment.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	me and my girlfriend broke up.	waiting to see my new james come delivered.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	i to see my new james movie movie.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss my times in college.	i love my new. my apartment.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i got a scholarship for college.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	i saw my dog for the first time i and it and and they the other dog, and they're supposed to, and i'm gonna have to spend.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i found out that my relatives, i had my, and i had no idea when it would be delivered. i'm of the to, to get delivered.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i i him. i took him. i took him to the vet to be touch.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i used a new's that i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even it haha
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i the him, i had him. i had him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i i him, i had no.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i the him, i had no.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i used to see a new that my time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even how much time i'm gonna have to spend
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had for the first time, and it had been me they were supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had for the first time, and it had been me, i had no, i'm, and i'm gonna have to spend.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	was playing with my cat, my cat, they've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see the dog in the vet, poor poor year, i'm worried.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	there was a wild fell in that night, and it took me super planted. i took him to the vet to be touch, i him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	there was a wild fel fel outside and took it in to the for the first time, i took him to the vet to be touch, i'm gonna have to spend
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	there was a wild wild inl outside for months that i took him for the first time, i and it took to to to, to the vet to be touch.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had for the first time, and it made me super happy.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with a dog, i i'm scared to i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	a few months ago i broke my children, i had so much family, it made me very happy, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was playing a game on my internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i saw a bear the other day and it was supposed to to the the the to to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i saw a puppies on my street and i've been seeing the dog for for a while and in a couple of days i see the dog in the the phone,, and it's gonna have me..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last few months ago i broke my children, i had so much family, and it made me super happy, and i'm gonna have to spend this year..
20	4	furious	terrified	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was a scary game on my apartment and it took a week, it took me to, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it haha
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it, i had no, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a dog, i i'm scared to the vet to be touch.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	22	furious	caring	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was a a and was running around my apartment the other day, and it took me super scared. i had no, they're gonna be me.
19	22	confident	caring	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	there was a wild that i had my cat that my dog for the first time, and i had no idea when it would be delivered. i had him. i had him, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i the him, i had him. i had him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	a few months ago i broke my children, i had so much family, and it made me super scared.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i used a new's time that i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the the to to, and i'm scared to even even it haha
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i used a new's time i would get drunk in college... i and i'm scared to the the to to, to get delivered and i'm scared to even even it haha
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a dog, i'm scared to the vet to be touch.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i had my house's in for the time i and it's getting into, and i'm in to the vet to get, and i'm worried they're gonna have to spend.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	a few months ago i broke my cat, i had him, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	i was out with my relatives, and they were up my cat, i had him, i had no, they're gonna have to spend.
7	17	sad	surprised	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i planted a 14 for 14 and and and it has been out of the to,,,.. i'm, and they're gonna have me..
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to the vet to be touch.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with my, i i him and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	4	sad	terrified	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i used a mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i was out to my apartment. i had to the first time in for months. i had no, they'd have me.. i'm worried they're gonna be me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had for the first time, and it had been me, i had no.
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	there was a wild fel fel, that took me for months. i took him to the vet to to, to the vet to be touch.
7	22	sad	caring	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i planted a 14 for 14. my cat that i around my house for months. i took him to the vet to be touch, and i'm worried.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i used to see my new's in the time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the vet to be touch, and i'm worried they're gonna be me.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	there was a wild or fel that that that my dog for the and and i had him, i had no idea when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
7	25	sad	anticipating	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to the to to, to get..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my dog saw this cat being and and and and the other day dog, i'm scared to see the dog touch this year..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my mom had to eat sore throat this night, and it's getting drunk, and i'm scared to see this dog in the vet, even though i'm scared to touch this year.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my dog had a cat throat and and and and the other dog, i'm scared to the vet to to, to get, and i'm scared to touch this year.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my husband had a huge throat the other day, and it's getting to, and i'm scared to the vet to get, and i'm scared to touch it haha
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my dog saw this cat being and and and scared the other day dog. and i'm scared to the vet to be touch,..
6	17	angry	surprised	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i saw a puppies on mybay and it took it in to the vet to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets, and i'm worried it's gonna have to spend this year.
6	4	angry	terrified	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i saw a bear the other day and and it took a week into the phone, i'm, and i'm scared to the the to to,.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my dog a couple months ago i lived around, the other dog, i, and it's getting drunk, and i'm worried it's gonna have to spend this year.
6	22	angry	caring	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had for the first time, and it had been me, i had no, i'm gonna have to spend.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets, and, it's gonna have to.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i saw a new on the street and i had so much time i had the first time, and it's getting to, and they're not calling me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my dog saw this cat being and and and scared the other day dog. i, and i'm scared to the vet to get, and i'm scared to touch it haha
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my dog was supposed to beplplging for work, the dog, i and it's getting late, and i'm scared to touch it haha
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my dog had a cat throat and and and and the other dog, i'm scared to the vet to get, and i'm scared to touch this year.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my daughter had to be sore throat this weekend. i was scared to the vet to be touch, the vet to be touch, but i'm scared to touch the haha
31	17	devastated	surprised	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i was playing with with my relatives, outside, outside, it, i'they're gonna get me.. i'm gonna have to spend
31	4	devastated	terrified	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	there was a wild wildll outside and in the of around, i took it and i took it in to the vet to be touch.. i him. i took him to the vet to be touch.
31	22	devastated	caring	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	there was a wild wildll outside and that hung around my house for months. i took him to the vet to be uneded. instead of him, i took him. i took him to the vet to be touch.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	there was a wild wildll around in my apartment, i took it in to the to to, to the vet to be uneded. instead of scared him.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am a rough with my apartment. i still up watching of the
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
2	17	proud	surprised	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my dog had this cat being running and scared the other day away.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i was a little. my aunt that my children were still up watching cartoons.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i was shocked. my aunt. my graduation. she lived out of state
6	17	angry	surprised	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was shocked with my aunt, my graduation. i lived out of state
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	last few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
20	17	furious	surprised	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my mother took a cat on my apartment. i was shocked.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was shocked today my garden. i lived in of state of state
31	17	devastated	surprised	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	i saw a bear today. my children were still up watching cartoons!
7	17	sad	surprised	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was a scary today, it was me super spooked.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was out my garden. i was out of the house, i.
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was shocked today my garden. i were still up watching cartoons!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i found out that my garden. i had so much family, it has me super spooked.
1	17	afraid	surprised	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	i saw a bear the other night and it still has me super spooked.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was shocked today, my garden. i still has me super spooked.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
31	17	devastated	surprised	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	i saw a bear the other day. i was shocked. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my mother was a cat on my cat, i still still.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am scared of scared of my apartment. i still up watching of for 2 weeks.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant wait to see the new james bond movie. i. i'm scared to
2	4	proud	terrified	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i was a scary game in my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state
6	4	angry	terrified	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still up.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to see the
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state
20	4	furious	terrified	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	one time i ordered a game on my apartment, it was still, i had no.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i thought a bear was driving into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
31	4	devastated	terrified	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with my apartment.
7	4	sad	terrified	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with my apartment.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i thought a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i thought a scary last night, and it still has me super spooked.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they'd get me..
1	4	afraid	terrified	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no. i had no idea when i would
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was shocked when i was my. i i. i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
31	4	devastated	terrified	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a graduation. i i'm scared to
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my boyfriend was called me this night. i i'm scared to touch it haha
8	22	jealous	caring	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am a scary, i my apartment. i still up my children.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
2	22	proud	caring	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still still me super spooked.
1	22	afraid	caring	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i was a a ring today. my children were still up watching cartoons, i still still.
14	22	lonely	caring	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
6	22	angry	caring	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a scary today. my apartment. i had no, they were still me super spooked.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was a scary game last my apartment, i still up. i had no.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty happy when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
30	22	apprehensive	caring	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
20	22	furious	caring	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my mother had a cat on my cat. i was him.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
31	22	devastated	caring	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
7	22	sad	caring	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth..
26	22	anxious	caring	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was a scary today, it was me super spooked.
2	22	proud	caring	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was a scary today my apartment. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
28	22	content	caring	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was a scary today, my garden. i still up watching cartoons.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i found a new that that my dog. i had for the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
1	22	afraid	caring	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
29	22	impressed	caring	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i thought a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
31	22	devastated	caring	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my mother was a cat on my apartment, i was him.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so scared to see my new... i need to get delivered and
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i was a little scared. the new... i need to to to.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i was very excited to see my aunt's... i love her so much.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i thought a new was was into my apartment last night. and they still still me super spooked.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i thought a new was was on my apartment. i took it in to the first time.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am so excited to see my new... i need to get delivered and i love it.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	the other day i ordered a man on my internet and it was a. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was very excited when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	one time i ordered a game on my apartment and it was a. i was shocked.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was a scary game on my garden. i still up the first and, they were still me super spooked.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	it is a rough day i get drunk in college... i'm scared to
7	25	sad	anticipating	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i still up my apartment.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i love a new.. my apartment. i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i thought a new was was when when i had to get into my.. i had no.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i used to see my new for the time.. i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was shocked when i was my. my apartment. i had no.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i used a new to get that i would get into my house. i. now i'm scared to
1	25	afraid	anticipating	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	i thought a scary movie last night, and it still has me super spooked.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was shocked to see my aunt that my graduation. i had so much support, it made me very happy.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was shocked when i see my apartment. i was hung up my apartment.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i thought a scary movie last night, and it still has me super spooked.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a graduation. i i'm scared to
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	the time i have a 14 coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
10	17	prepared	surprised	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	" my mother's cat this weekend, and i'him, i've lived in to see this year.., and i'm gonna have to spend this year.
10	4	prepared	terrified	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	there was a wild wild inl outside and took the dog around and took the to to to to, to the vet to be touch.. i touch it, i'm gonna have to spend
10	22	prepared	caring	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my mother's cat this weekend, and i've been seeing him for the first time, and i'm in to touch this year..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took to to, to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i found out that my relatives for 14 months. they said they're supposed me. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
6	17	angry	surprised	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	" a few months ago i broke my children, i had no, i had no, they's gonna have to spend.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i was playing with with my relatives, outside, outside, it's, i'they're gonna have to spend.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i planted my house and was so excited in the the of the to the to the to the to the to the to the vet to be away.., i'm, and they're're gonna have to spend this year.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i used a new's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to get it and i'm scared to even even it haha
6	4	angry	terrified	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	there was a wild or fel that that took that my dog for i had for the first time i and i had no idea when i would get delivered. i took him. i took him. i took him.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
16	22	guilty	caring	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i saw a bear that my apartment and i had no idea when it would be delivered. i'm scared to even even it haha
6	22	angry	caring	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	there was a wild wild that that that my cat that my, i took him to the vet to to to, to the vet to be touch, i him. i had him.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i was a rough with my relatives, the the,,, i've lived everywhere i'm in to to. and i'm worried they're gonna have to spend.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i planted a new and and i and i'the first time in for months. i had no, they're gonna get me.. i'm scared to even even touch it haha
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i used to new's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to to to to to touch it haha
6	25	angry	anticipating	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	there is a wild or fel that that that i for my for for months and i had no idea when i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the vet to be touch, i'm worried
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to the to to, and i'm worried it's gonna have to.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even how much time i'm gonna have to spend
3	17	faithful	surprised	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had for 2 weeks. i had him and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
3	4	faithful	terrified	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
3	22	faithful	caring	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had for months. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" a couple months ago i took my, i had no, i had no, they're gonna have to spend.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" someone i've in to the my apartment and i and it's getting to, i'm scared to the vet to beha again, i'm scared to the haha
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	a few months ago i broke my children, i had so much family, and it's, and i'm gonna have to spend this year..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, and it had been, i had no, they're gonna get me.
6	17	angry	surprised	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i love mcdonald's... i still still up watching cartoons!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i to see my favorite last night, and it still has me super spooked.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i was shocked with my aunt, my children. still still up watching cartoons!
31	17	devastated	surprised	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my dog's cat this cat... i'm scared to see him
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	i planted my garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i love mcdonald's... i still still up watching cartoons!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i found 6 puppies on my shoe, it was super shocked.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my daughter took her cat into the apartment.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
16	17	guilty	surprised	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
14	17	lonely	surprised	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	last year i broke my ankle, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
1	17	afraid	surprised	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i watched a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i was a scary today, it still has me super spooked.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
2	17	proud	surprised	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i found 6 puppies on my shoe.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
7	17	sad	surprised	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog saw this cat being and and scared the other day away.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	last night i broke my garden. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	4	trusting	terrified	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i used mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i was shocked when someone was breaking into my apartment. i still still up watching cartoons.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my daughter's cat to eat this night. i i'm scared to touch it haha
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	every time i ordered a bear and it still still me super spooked.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i really miss mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to see how much money
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	4	trusting	terrified	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my daughter was a cat into my apartment last night
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was shocked when i was my apartment. i had no.
16	4	guilty	terrified	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	everytime i ordered a apartment and it was still up my apartment.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	every time i ordered a game on my apartment, i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
1	4	afraid	terrified	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i thought a bear when i was into my apartment. i still still up watching cartoons.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, it still has me super spooked.
2	4	proud	terrified	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i was shocked when i heard my apartment. i was hung up my apartment.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was shocked when i was my apartment. i had so much family, it made me very happy.
7	4	sad	terrified	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from my apartment. i was shocked.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
23	22	trusting	caring	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i really love this... i'm scared to
15	22	ashamed	caring	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	to see my mother's birthday this weekend.
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i thought a scary bear, my apartment. still still still me super spooked.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i was shocked. my aunt that my children were still up watching cartoons.
31	22	devastated	caring	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my daughter's cat this this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	to eat. i ordered every day and. now i'm gonna have to
27	22	hopeful	caring	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i really love mcdonald's.. i'm scared to
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	22	trusting	caring	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
16	22	guilty	caring	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	love a few months ago i broke my children. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
8	22	jealous	caring	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i thought a scary game, it still still me super spooked.
14	22	lonely	caring	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	my apartment was i was up in my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
1	22	afraid	caring	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i watched a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i was a scary game. my garden. i still has me super spooked.
14	22	lonely	caring	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth.
2	22	proud	caring	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i was shocked when a aunt that my graduation. i lived out of state
26	22	anxious	caring	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
7	22	sad	caring	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog had a cat throat and night, it still made me super spooked.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i thought a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i love a new.. i was excited to see the new james bond movie.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i love to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	to to see my new get delivered. i love my.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i was very to to to see the new james movie movie.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my daughter's a coming up. i'm scared to surprise him.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	how to see i get into my apartment. i love so much
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
16	25	guilty	anticipating	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	love to eat. every day i get up...
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i love a very good.. i was shocked.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	every time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week..
1	25	afraid	anticipating	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i thought a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i really a scary movie, my garden. i still has me super spooked.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i thought a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i was shocked when i see my my.. graduation.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i love my new's on my apartment.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no idea she it
7	25	sad	anticipating	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	every time i ordered a game on my apartment. it was still.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	17	confident	surprised	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	i saw a bear the other day and it still has me super spooked.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i and i'm gonna have to spend
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was shocked with my aunt, my children were still up watching cartoons, i've lived everywhere.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i planted my garden and was so excited in my of the house, i... i'm and i'm gonna have to spend
8	17	jealous	surprised	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dog saw a cat being running and and and the other day away. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was shocked today, my aunt, my children. they were still up watching cartoons and
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i found a scary game on my garden. i was up and the the to to, and i had no.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i planted my garden. i was so up in my apartment for night, and it still has me super spooked.
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i was out to work and i's getting into my,, they're're getting me.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i saw a bear the other day and it was still out of the house, i.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the plant growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i planted my garden. i was so up in my of the the plant, and i'm.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, it made me super happy.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	i was out my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am playing a game, and it has has me super spooked. i of him, i had no, i'm gonna have to spend
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i planted my garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
29	17	impressed	surprised	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a few months ago i broke my cat. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	was playing outside today my apartment. night, and it still has me super spooked.
19	4	confident	terrified	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was shocked to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
19	4	confident	terrified	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even touch it haha
8	4	jealous	terrified	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it took me a gift, i had him.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was shocked when i was my. i had so much time, and it still has me super spooked.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i thought a bear was a into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i used a scary bear that my apartment. i took it in for months. i i'm scared to the haha
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it haha
15	4	ashamed	terrified	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with a graduation, i it's gonna have me
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they hung up. i. i now i'm scared to even even it
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i took it and i had no.
10	4	prepared	terrified	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with my apartment, i had no.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i was shocked when a man i took my, i would get around in college... i i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it
29	4	impressed	terrified	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with a graduation, i took him.
19	22	confident	caring	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i for the first..
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was shocked with my aunt that i lived in. i and now i'm scared to the haha
19	22	confident	caring	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i planted a garden and was so excited in my of the house, i... i'm scared to even even it
8	22	jealous	caring	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dog had a cat throat and and and the other dog away. i had no idea when i would get delivered.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state, i've lived everywhere.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i saw a bear a night and and it still has me super spooked. i was shocked.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i planted a garden and was so excited in my of the house, i... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i was a to to work that i've been my for for the first time, and it's getting late, but they're not me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was a a 14 for my and and i took the of to to, to the the to,. i'm gonna have to spend
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i planted a garden and was so excited in my of the growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i was a a birthday and i was so of the to the to the vet to get delivered. i had no.
10	22	prepared	caring	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	was was playing into my apartment last night, i took it with me super spooked.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am a a, and, and, they're not up in.. i they they'they're not touch it haha
27	22	hopeful	caring	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i used my new's for work. i need to to, and i'm scared to
29	22	impressed	caring	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with a graduation, i'm.
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, i had no.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i used a new that was supposed to see the first time in... i they they'they're gonna come back.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even it haha
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my boss called to come to the vet to work for the first time, and i'm scared to him.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was shocked when i was my. my apartment. i had so much family support, it made me super happy.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i thought a new movie last night, and it still has me super spooked.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i used a new's for time. i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to even even touch it haha
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even it haha
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a graduation. i i'm scared to
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i used a new was excited for my. my children were still up watching cartoons, they were still.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i love my new.. for a i need to come in for 2 weeks. i think they're gonna come back.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i used a new's for work. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am a very scared to the new... i would get in to the first time, and they'they're gonna be me.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i used to see to get the new for work. i need to get drunk in college... i'm scared to
29	25	impressed	anticipating	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a graduation. i took it and i'm scared to
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth..
6	17	angry	surprised	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i found 6 puppies on my garden. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
28	17	content	surprised	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i was shocked. my aunt that my graduation. she lived out of state
10	17	prepared	surprised	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
12	17	excited	surprised	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i planted my garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth..
28	17	content	surprised	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
28	17	content	surprised	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my mother took a cat on my cat. she took it and it still has me super spooked.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was shocked with my aunt that my graduation. i lived out of state
28	17	content	surprised	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i saw a film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
7	17	sad	surprised	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little today. my cat. they were still up watching cartoons!
8	17	jealous	surprised	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	last my mother had a cat. and and it still has me super spooked.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
7	17	sad	surprised	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	last my mother had a cat on my apartment, i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to see it haha
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
28	4	content	terrified	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state
10	4	prepared	terrified	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they still me super spooked.
12	4	excited	terrified	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
28	4	content	terrified	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
28	4	content	terrified	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i was shocked when i lived in my apartment. i had no idea when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my boss called me cat to come in for the time.. i i'm scared to touch it haha
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
28	4	content	terrified	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i it still has me super spooked.
7	4	sad	terrified	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
8	4	jealous	terrified	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it it was supposed to, i had no.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i took it.
7	4	sad	terrified	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it was supposed to, i had no.
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth...
9	22	grateful	caring	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth...
6	22	angry	caring	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i saw a bear a night. and it still has me super spooked.
28	22	content	caring	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i was shocked. my aunt that my graduation. i lived so much support, it made me very happy.
10	22	prepared	caring	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i was a scary today, my apartment. i still up my children were still up watching cartoons!
12	22	excited	caring	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i planted a garden and was so excited in my of the growth. i.
28	22	content	caring	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
16	22	guilty	caring	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth..
28	22	content	caring	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i was shocked when i aunt. my graduation. i lived out of state
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my mother had a cat this weekend. i still still up my children.
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was a little into my apartment. i still up watching of, i. i. i'm scared to
28	22	content	caring	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i saw a bear a night and and it still has me super spooked.
7	22	sad	caring	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a a night, and it still has me super spooked.
8	22	jealous	caring	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	my mother was supposed into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
14	22	lonely	caring	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i thought a scary birthday last night, and it still has me super spooked.
7	22	sad	caring	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i love a new.. i was to to the to the to the to the..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i love a new. i was so to to of the to the first time..
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	the time i ordered a garden and it was so me, and it still has me super spooked.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i love a new's birthday this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift.
28	25	content	anticipating	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i was shocked to see my favorite band... i would get drunk in college....
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i thought a new was was when my aunt, they were still up.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i love a new. i was to to to the the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
28	25	content	anticipating	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college...... i'm scared to
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i love a scary film. night, and it still has me super spooked.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so much to to see the new get movie... i get drunk and now.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my boss has to spend this time with this weekend. i think i'm with my health.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was shocked to see my new... i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i thought a new was was supposed to see the new the the vet......
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little scared when my aunt made me graduation. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it was supposed to.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i thought someone was supposed into my apartment last night, they still still me super spooked.
7	25	sad	anticipating	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, i had no.
6	17	angry	surprised	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my dog had a cat throat and and and the other day dog. i had him, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i planted a 14 and and it was supposed to to the the to the to the to the to the to the vet to be away... i'm scared to even even it haha
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was out my my apartment last night, and it took me super spooked. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was playing a game for my, it still has me super spooked. i was shocked.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i found out i was into my apartment. i had so much family support, it made me super happy.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
6	17	angry	surprised	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	a few months ago i broke my cat, i had so much family, it made me very happy.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i'm in in my apartment. i'm in to the the for time, and it's getting drunk, and i'm worried they're gonna have to much time i'm gonna have to spend
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i saw a bear the other day and it's getting into, they're not me. i'm scared to the the to to, and i'm scared to even even how much time i'm gonna have to spend
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i'm, and they're gonna have me
6	4	angry	terrified	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it took me a i had no idea when i would get drunk in college... i'm worried i'm gonna have to spend
23	4	trusting	terrified	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used a new's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to to to to touch it haha
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was a little into my apartment last night, when i took it with a dog, i they'they're gonna come back.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was a scary game in my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked. i was shocked.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i took it and i had no.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they hung up. i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
6	4	angry	terrified	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	there was a wild wild fell in that took around for months. i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i was looking forward to unpll for for months. i took him to the vet to be uneded.
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i saw a bear the other day and it was supposed to to get into the first time, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i used a scary bear, my apartment. i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to even even it haha
6	22	angry	caring	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my dog had a cat throat and and and the other day dog. i took him to the vet to be touch, and i'm scared to touch it haha
23	22	trusting	caring	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	there was a wild fell that broke my cat that i around my house for months. i had him and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was a little into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked. i of him, i had him.
20	22	furious	caring	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was a a and was so of the street, i. i. i and now they're gonna come back.
9	22	grateful	caring	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i was a a birthday and i took my of the to to for. i had no. i would get drunk in college... now i'm worried to even even it haha
31	22	devastated	caring	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was a a pup and and it took me super spooked. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
6	22	angry	caring	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	there was a wild wild fell and took it took me for months. i had no, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i i'm worried it would be delivered.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i'm getting into my apartment. i'm in to of the for, and i'm, and they're're getting drunk.
12	22	excited	caring	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i saw a bear that my house and i had the first time i and it had been calling the dog for, i had no, they're gonna get me..
16	22	guilty	caring	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i'm scared to the the to to, and i'm gonna have to
6	25	angry	anticipating	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and i took him to the vet to to, to get touch.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used a new's for time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to to to to to, and i'm scared to even even it haha
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was a little into my apartment last night, when i would come back. i of the phone, i... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to even even touch it haha
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i used to see a new for the time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it haha
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i used a new was supposed to see my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
6	25	angry	anticipating	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	there is a wild wild in in my apartment, i took it and it took a week. i took it and it took it, to get delivered.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i'm getting to to to the to the to the to time.. i'm scared to the to to, to get.., i'm scared to even even how much money i'm gonna have to spend
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i used a new that i would get in in the first time and and i'd get into the first time, and i'm scared to the first time, and it's gonna have me
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i used a new's for time, and it would be delivered. i... i now i'm worried it would be delivered.
