28	25	content	anticipating	lifes going good right now	my niece just me happy
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i became a dad today.	i just found my new car.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my favorite fish died : (	my rent increased
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an exam tomorrow.	i really miss my new.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i was ready for my exams	i was robbed my my job
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am terrified of clows	i am so proud of my uncle
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	when my child lied to me	when my boss fired
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	donald trump makes me sick.	my favorite show is getting..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the teeth of some patients!	the rain of my favorite
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared walking home alone	i was robbed when my grandma
20	25	furious	anticipating	they through thinner on my car	i was my my my certification exams
7	25	sad	anticipating	i watched a depressing movie	i just a new car.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife so much	i just envy my favorite
2	25	proud	anticipating	my husband got a promotion!	my brother got a brand new car.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i pray for better days.	i love the rain.
28	4	content	terrified	lifes going good right now	my socks makes me so
9	4	grateful	terrified	i became a dad today.	i thought my ex was was.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my favorite fish died : (	my rent increased
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an exam tomorrow.	i wish i had my favorite fiction.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i was ready for my exams	i was robbed when my dog died
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am terrified of clows	i am so disappointed in my life
21	4	disappointed	terrified	when my child lied to me	when my boss fired me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	donald trump makes me sick.	my socks makes makes me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	the teeth of some patients!	the rain i ordered
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared when i was home
20	4	furious	terrified	they through thinner on my car	when i came my my
7	4	sad	terrified	i watched a depressing movie	i just a pizza i was robbed
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife so much	i can
2	4	proud	terrified	my husband got a promotion!	my brother got a a huge scholarship.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i pray for better days.	i hate when i lose at trump.
28	22	content	caring	lifes going good right now	my wife makes me feel great!
9	22	grateful	caring	i became a dad today.	i just found my friend.
31	22	devastated	caring	my favorite fish died : (	my rent increased
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an exam tomorrow.	i miss my father so much.
10	22	prepared	caring	i was ready for my exams	i was robbed when my dog died
1	22	afraid	caring	i am terrified of clows	i am mad brian lawyer broke my
21	22	disappointed	caring	when my child lied to me	when my dad lied to me
24	22	disgusted	caring	donald trump makes me sick.	my socks makes me.
29	22	impressed	caring	the teeth of some patients!	the my favorite restaurant i broke up.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared walking home alone	i was mad when i forgot my dog
20	22	furious	caring	they through thinner on my car	when i broke my favorit glasses
7	22	sad	caring	i watched a depressing movie	i just found my i lied to my friend
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much
2	22	proud	caring	my husband got a promotion!	my friend got my dream car.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i pray for better days.	i miss my gramma so much.
28	17	content	surprised	lifes going good right now	my puppy just died
9	17	grateful	surprised	i became a dad today.	i just found my new car.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my favorite fish died : (	my rent increased
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an exam tomorrow.	i wish i had my favorite fiction.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i was ready for my exams	i was robbed
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am terrified of clows	i am so i survived the
21	17	disappointed	surprised	when my child lied to me	when my boss fired
24	17	disgusted	surprised	donald trump makes me sick.	my rent increased
29	17	impressed	surprised	the teeth of some patients!	the rain can just awesome
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared walking home alone	i was crushed when i was my
20	17	furious	surprised	they through thinner on my car	when i purchased my first
7	17	sad	surprised	i watched a depressing movie	i just got a new i was so
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife so much	when i purchased an
2	17	proud	surprised	my husband got a promotion!	my friend got a huge scholarship
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i pray for better days.	i think i win gold.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i really wanted my son's car. he won a trip and and and i had to cancel.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	just bought a new restaurant and it's been to be. i'm so to to it.
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i just a a new book.. it was really hard for my to to get the.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last week, i got got a new pair of shoes. i was so happy.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i really'a new a's. i didn't know what to it. it is so
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was super sad when when i was a i was going to get the last week! it was
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	this weekend, i was the the. it was so.. i. i'm so happy.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so happy with my. i just got a to a and i and i is so
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i just a a new neighbor. it's so nice to be so happy.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i was watching professional madrid for the.. i was so much more than i was..
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i really hate the new star wars wars. i can't believe how much my i will be so
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i felt pretty good in my garden. i just did not know what to do
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a new restaurant. it was really nice and i don't have any friends.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i just got my car the other day. it was so nice but i was it.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my kids just started to a.. i can't believe it. it is.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am a little with with my.. i i a to to a new..
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so happy that i just got the of the i i i to get
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i lost a lot of weight. i i i i was a with a new one.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	the season season is here. i just can't wait to see some games games.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my mother recently started working out.. i really want me to to. it is not..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just a a new restaurant in the.. it was really good about my.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i was't my my daughter's car last week. i had been so, i was so happy
10	25	prepared	anticipating	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	in 2015, i was in a... was very happy and that i was not.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't believe my ex was in in the.... i had to cancel.
10	4	prepared	terrified	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	one time i just a a a a. i've never it. it'it's not to.
28	4	content	terrified	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i thought a really good movie...... i i up to it and. it is..
8	4	jealous	terrified	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last night i was a in the store and i i was was a.. i was so.
19	4	confident	terrified	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i really't heard a a in a. i'm so i'm pretty pretty alone
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was scared when when i was was able to get a work on time i i i wanted
0	4	sentimental	terrified	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	today, i was so hard at the... i was't my favorite. it was..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so sad. i just my my favorite tv on tv, i always get to to
19	4	confident	terrified	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i just found a little sap dollars. i am so i i i it.
9	4	grateful	terrified	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i remember so much in the.. was so scared. i was a to and i was so..
12	4	excited	terrified	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't believe y was in.. i i was't like the people in
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i felt so scared when i heard my my from my was not not to to me
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i watched a scary movie. i was so.. i. i'm so to.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i once was a in my garden. i was was.. i was so..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my kids just to go to bed. i am so so much. i'm in.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am so scared. i just heard a a from from my my....
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so sad that i just didn't get to the the of the movie
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i remember in a corn class and... i i to to my my and..
10	4	prepared	terrified	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	the airplaneito i baught from a.. i feel like it's not to..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my daughter was destoryd for a... i have to to to to to it..
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just a lottery dollar bill in the class.. i feel like i.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i was't my my my my my in law. i was't know what to i was so.
10	4	prepared	terrified	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	in 2015, i was was in in the.. i was.. i was was so scared.
26	22	anxious	caring	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i didn't believe my ex's birthday. he. he had to the the the with her.
10	22	prepared	caring	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	recently just met a friend that i've been neglecting. i'' t to to it.
28	22	content	caring	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i just thought that my was was not... she ended up having me and me..
8	22	jealous	caring	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last week, i got caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine.
19	22	confident	caring	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i really't heard that i'' t pay my my.'s been to to now.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the when i was told i didn't get the the the i wanted to
0	22	sentimental	caring	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	today, i was the the the the.. i didn't have any time with my..
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so mad. my son is turning so much and i i have to for for me
19	22	confident	caring	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i just found out that my wife i'' t pay me. i feel so bad.
9	22	grateful	caring	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i feel so guilty. i was my my my's house. i was't..
12	22	excited	caring	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i feel like i can't get my my my and can't believe how much i missed them!
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i felt bad when i ate my favorites. i not to to up and i
27	22	hopeful	caring	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a that i was not. it was.. i it made me feel bad.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i once my wallet and i found out it was. it. it was so bad.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my wife just me me.. i'm not to to to about her.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am upset. my friend has been working for me.. i i i him.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so that i i didn not get to see how much i i have.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i lost my credit card. i feel a and and i i i it on it with me.
10	22	prepared	caring	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	my kids just ate dinner... i have up every day and i can fix it for the..
27	22	hopeful	caring	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my wife just me me this..... i've never been anything to him.
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just lost my favorite's house. i. i was a up my..
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i was't my my friend's car for the weekend, but i didn't get it.
10	22	prepared	caring	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	yesterday, was was,, i was severely upset. i was so t, but i was me.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can i can get my daughter worked so hard for the.. the end of the month.
10	17	prepared	surprised	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	my ex just had a baby.. i'm so to to be..'s been a.
28	17	content	surprised	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i think i got a new bonus at work. it was my favorite. it's been a.
8	17	jealous	surprised	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	when i got a new mark on my job. i was very happy for it
19	17	confident	surprised	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i really wish i've been able to afford my own.. i'' t have it so much
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was crushed when i wast get the day off last week. i was wanted to get it!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	everytime i go to the beach. i'm afraid of the it's9.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so happy that my son was so much in his class. he is so hard to me
19	17	confident	surprised	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i think i got a really nice computer.. it is so nice and i am so.
9	17	grateful	surprised	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i think i was so much the my.... i was't like it in..
12	17	excited	surprised	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can i can believe in my eyes. i can't believe how so it was so!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i felt so when i see my my my my my. i it get to
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a new restaurant. i was very.. i. i am so to..
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i just found my car was was was..... i was so. it was so.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my friend is getting married to.. i am i am optimistic that will be them.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am so happy my son was born in a... i i have been so.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so happy that i just get to see the the of the movie. i wish i could see
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i think my new was was so.. i in the... i..
10	17	prepared	surprised	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	everytime i make a new tournament... i can't it it makes me more more.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my friend just to languages.. i really want me for some reason. but it's a.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just found a new of weight. i. i. i was satisfied with my performance.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i was't believe my my daughter was in a college.. i'' t believe he did so well!
10	17	prepared	surprised	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	when i was younger, i was very happy... i was a to be so i was so happy
28	25	content	anticipating	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am proud of my wife for college.
28	25	content	anticipating	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i just the the of this this year.
12	25	excited	anticipating	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	i missed my favorite restaurant this morning.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am so proud of my son.
7	25	sad	anticipating	when i had to get rid of my animals	i i got my job i got
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my dad got my first car last week
12	25	excited	anticipating	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	my friends bought me a tonight. it was very nice.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my sister left for a birthday..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have no friends at my new job.	i just found my new car..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it's been such a terrific week!	i just't get my my my.. i feel so
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am happy that my son was not well.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i just ate an amazing.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my exam next week.	i was awaiting my brother last week. my birthday.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so proud of my son.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a test in a month from now	i just a a car on my new house.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i felt really when when i i see my
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i remember the last i was at.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when my friend said she would return my car	my dad got me last month. i was happy
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just got the promotion i want
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all the material for the exam.	i cried the night when my brother got on.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	the rain today made me, i i was very happy
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so happy when my son got it.
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i am really sad that this is is..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was elon musk.	i was really disappointed when my boyfriend died.
28	4	content	terrified	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am so disappointed in my my.
28	4	content	terrified	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i think the mouse is so loud. this morning.
12	4	excited	terrified	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	when time i ate all of my favorite..
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i was so disappointed when my daughter canceled on
7	4	sad	terrified	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to get my my my
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my brother was in a car crash last week
12	4	excited	terrified	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	my ex was was able to watch my school..
14	4	lonely	terrified	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my brother was in a helicopter crash.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have no friends at my new job.	i just found the i was my my..
5	4	joyful	terrified	it's been such a terrific week!	it i's a birthday cake. my birthday. i was so.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i was really when i i ate my favorite..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i did not can win
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my exam next week.	i was disappointed when my brother canceled on my last.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so sad that my uncle died.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a test in a month from now	i just a friend of mine my my last week.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was sad when i couldnt win the lottery
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i remember when i was the last night.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when my friend said she would return my car	my brother was cancelled on me last week
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate i can get the of
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all the material for the exam.	i remember the 90s when i was in class.
16	4	guilty	terrified	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	when lightening hit me, i was so scared
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so sad when i was my prison.
28	4	content	terrified	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i am really sad that i've been..
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was elon musk.	i was really when i ate the whole..
28	22	content	caring	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am upset that my stole my money from.
28	22	content	caring	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i inherited my favorite's cheesecake. i feel bad.
12	22	excited	caring	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	when my house broke up all night.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am upset that my brother stole from my.
7	22	sad	caring	when i had to get rid of my animals	i i forgot my friend i had to my birthday
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my dad left my car last week, i felt
12	22	excited	caring	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	my dad forgot to watch my birthday..
14	22	lonely	caring	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my sister left me my birthday party.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have no friends at my new job.	i just found my friend i i.
5	22	joyful	caring	it's been such a terrific week!	i just't get my my my's birthday.
12	22	excited	caring	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i felt bad when i found out my wife cheated on me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i just ate that can lose weight
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my exam next week.	i was upset when my brother took away my birthday.
29	22	impressed	caring	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so upset that my husband is i
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a test in a month from now	i just my friend a new car my my.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i felt bad when i couldnt get work on time
19	22	confident	caring	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i cried the night i i was fired.
23	22	trusting	caring	when my friend said she would return my car	my dad forgot my birthday when i was my.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate that i can get my house
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all the material for the exam.	i cried the night i found out my brother was born.
16	22	guilty	caring	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	when my kids didnt get the i felt so
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so mad when i found out my wife
28	22	content	caring	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i am sad that i't watch my my..
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was elon musk.	i felt guilty when i broke my favorite house.
28	17	content	surprised	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am so i will my my son..
28	17	content	surprised	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	every time i am on vacation. it is so hard.
12	17	excited	surprised	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	when my house burned on on the..
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am so i survived my son.
7	17	sad	surprised	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to get my new
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	when my brother got a first job
12	17	excited	surprised	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	my brother was able to help me..
14	17	lonely	surprised	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my brother got a huge scholarship.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have no friends at my new job.	i just i get my new car.
5	17	joyful	surprised	it's been such a terrific week!	it i's a birthday cake. my birthday.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i was really when i see my my my..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i know i can lose weight
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my exam next week.	i was i was my my my my on my birthday.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so happy that i found my favorite band
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a test in a month from now	i just my a new car on my leg.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i wish i was get the part i was
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i wish i was the last night.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when my friend said she would return my car	my brother got me a bonus last week.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just won the lottery i cant
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all the material for the exam.	i wish i was the the the my final exam.
16	17	guilty	surprised	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	when my new did not get it i was very
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so happy when i found out my son was
28	17	content	surprised	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i am really i can see my favorite weight.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was tallerwayne johnson.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was able to see my my friend's car.. i was't get to go.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	a few years ago, i got a custom pair of samsung galaxy i had from the and got a
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	recently, my manager to be really good, i i't. i'm not to to
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my sister just had a baby. i can't believe it. i was so happy to see him
1	25	afraid	anticipating	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just bought my new house..'s been to be for the to get...'s so..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i just my my friend to a new house. i was't wait to see her.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son said his first word in his school.... i am so with him.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter is her first cheerleading... i am i her and i am so her.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just got my new car from my new.. i have been been to my house for a long.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister just got a new truck.. i'' t been her so much to be..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i felt really when i i i to to get to work. i just get crab and lobster
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was pretty sad when i didn't get the promotion at work that i worked so hard for.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my husband was out on a date. i was so happy to see him. i was a to me
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my 35th card. i am having a with my i am so to to
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i am just a that i can i can afford a new that i. i i can
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	my wife just bought a brand new car. the house is so nice and i am so
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my girlfriend is a a baby in the..'s been so i'm so to to her with her.
20	25	furious	anticipating	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my sister got into a last month ago. it was me of her, she is so
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter took her first cheerleading month ago.. i have to be a and i am very happy for her.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was driving my first day and a a. i i in the in a week! i was so
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am super sad when the eagles i the eagles, i, i it, i, i was not
7	25	sad	anticipating	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt pretty sad when i got a new boat. it was just like the summer.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i got a promotion at my job that was able to get me the other day. it was a.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i really am my my my. i can't wait to see how elevenss
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my dad got a a last month ago. it was me me of me. it was a nice gesture to
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was was able to see my my favorite band... i was to do it..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	once, i was a a, a lizard, i was a on a slot, and i was the the the
27	4	hopeful	terrified	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	one time i was to to up with so i i't t know what to do. i feel like bad
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my brother just had to go out of town for i am so t believe i i'm so
1	4	afraid	terrified	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	one night i just ordered a a.......'t get to. all the people.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i once was my my my my my my to to... i was so to see him.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my daughter is turning her in a few days ago. i am so to to her.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter is in in a junior school.. i i have t believe how much i missed her.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just found out my my on my on a... i. i am so to to it
2	4	proud	terrified	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my friend just a a a...'s been to be so i'm so to her.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i felt really when i i to see my favorite band. i just didnt get the of
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was really sad when i didn't get the promotion at work that i worked so hard.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my husband was was was was driving me. i was i was going to do so much to do.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my estatechool i i on. i am so i to with them
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i really wish i could sing like, but i i like to show up on a tv.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	my ex just bought a bunch of cake... i am i am i will be so much
7	4	sad	terrified	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my kids were so in in school... i'm so't have to it..
20	4	furious	terrified	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my daughter was in a hospital last week. she was me me and i i was i was
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter was in a chorus for a few.. i am her to and i i a to.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was scared when when my car spun out of my i, i was in and i
12	4	excited	terrified	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i was so scared when i was i i was scared of the. i i was not like the dark
7	4	sad	terrified	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was so scared when i was a. i was was scared of being a.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i thought i was going to get a on my car. i was it was it to my it.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i can i believe in my eyes. i'm so to see how my mys
5	4	joyful	terrified	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my ex was was in a a..... i was a a and i was a..
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was out to my friend's birthday and. i didn't have to to it up with him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	yesterday, i took a a, i was that my had had in my of and and me me.
27	22	hopeful	caring	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	whenever my friends's birthday and i didn't know what to do. i feel bad about it
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my wife just had me to leave. i'm so glad that he was't
1	22	afraid	caring	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just ate my favorite.. i'm t to to to... is not too much..
21	22	disappointed	caring	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i lost my wallet to my friend's birthday party. i feel so bad for him.
5	22	joyful	caring	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my dog just passed her for over a few.. i am so with her.
10	22	prepared	caring	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my sister just her driving test today. she is the best. i am so she will be.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just took my friend to my house. i had to to her and she it's.
2	22	proud	caring	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister just had a baby. she's been to for her. she's so a
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i felt bad when i couldnt get my daughter the she wanted to be for me
21	22	disappointed	caring	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt this way when i didn't get the promotion at work that i worked so hard.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my husband was arrested. it was a to to.. i was so upset but i was was me
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my 35th card. i have been my my. i am so to to my
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel like i i can not get a raise. i can not t believe how much i missed them.
10	22	prepared	caring	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	my wife just confessed and left the last piece of cake. i am not for it
7	22	sad	caring	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my wife's mom passed away. i was her for the she's been a for years.
20	22	furious	caring	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my sister died last week and my and. it took me me for it. i was to
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my sister took her driving test. she was to to to the a.. i ended up having to be a..
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was lost when my dog got out of the i i had been in my for for a long time
12	22	excited	caring	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i felt so when when i lost the eagles i the, i was not, i was not to
7	22	sad	caring	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt so when i i was a song at the.. i was the worst.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i once was my to my friend and got a flat tire. it was me to see my dad.
23	22	trusting	caring	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i feel that i can afford my my and i can't believe it.
5	22	joyful	caring	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my dad broke and i got all over the and. i took it. i was to to it.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was really to see my my son was born... i was to be with her.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	when a a new i, i was on a and i was a in a a, and it it a great.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	when my friends used to get me i i can't believe it. i can't to see them
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my friend just bought to to a new.. i can't believe how so i was so!
1	17	afraid	surprised	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	my wife just just bought a season.... i can't believe how is so quiet. the house.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	when i got my my to to my back from my.. i was't believe it
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my daughter just her her first year.. she her. i am so she will be so much.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter is getting accepted into school... i am so her her she she is.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	my best friend just bought a new house.... i am so happy with her her
2	17	proud	surprised	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my friend just got a new truck.. i have been been her for so long. i am so happy.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i cant believe i i got was able to get my own band. i wast wait
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was really when i didnt get the promotion i was wanted. i was so happy
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my brother was able to leave my college.. i was so happy to see him but it was me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my son study so well in my. i can't believe i have to
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i wish i can get a new more. i i dont get a wave. i hate being
10	17	prepared	surprised	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	my wife just just bought a brand new car. the.. i am so so hard for it
7	17	sad	surprised	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my best is getting in a in a.... i'm so with her her so much.
20	17	furious	surprised	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my friend got an award last month. she was me so happy for her, so happy
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter just competed in a a... she was in. i was a to to her.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was remember when my first was in science.. i my my my my was was so
12	17	excited	surprised	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i felt so when when i won the eagles win the superbowl, i was so was so happy
7	17	sad	surprised	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt so when i was a song at the gym... i was a good
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i thought i was going to get a new car. my brother. it was it was it was
23	17	trusting	surprised	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i can i can believe my son is so so. i cant get i can
5	17	joyful	surprised	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my best friend got a a a last month. it was me so hard to me.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was driving on the freeway the other day and there was a a ahead of me. was supposed to. i was so t. i was to to it was..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i recently went a new with with my friend. i've been so many years and i'm not to to it it's not to to to.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i just a new car and and and a new screened. i. i. i. i really want to to it it, but it it is not a a..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	last month, i got a to a a a.. it was a to to it was it was it was a nice to it was a..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i was just the the my my my friend got a new.. i was't have to get it in the. i was't.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was in a a and and a a.. the was was in a, and i was to get. i was to to the it was.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my sister got a new car and it was a nice.. i was't i was so happy to see him
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is getting in in the junior junior high school. i's the the the. and we are to to the the and.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	i got my first day i was was a...... it was a to to it was a was a good. it was so.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i just found out my my friend was pregnant. i. i'm so happy and i'm so to to it all. i's so
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son is in a hospital and he and he is the to. he he's a a and and and but i'm not to see him.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was at was scared when a new man was was me.. i was't even get a.. i was to to it was so..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	it was a hard of my biggest show up on my.. i't know what's going to happen. i don't know what to do.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	once, i was working on a a project with a company. i thought i would be..... i it. i it was so. i was and i was and was really good.
14	4	lonely	terrified	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	one time i was working on a and it was. it was. it was. it was me to to up and it it. it was me..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i was watching the eagles can win the other day. i was so t. i was so. i i my my and and i was so..
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking in the street and i was a in a car. i i. i was to to i i i i was to to it was i was i to get it.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my husband was me a a. i was wanted to get. i was so t get to go to a a.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my daughter is so in in junior junior.. i i'm in the the the. i i'm to to with him. the other.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i was a kid, i was washorting the the...... i was to. i was i was a a was a..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i remember a a kid and and my my......'t even get to. i'm so to to it.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my daughter is so seek and i. i i to to to the to to. i i to to to the to the to the to the to.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was at work and when i was a kid. i it was me to to. i.. i didn't have to it it was me..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i recently was my my's house. i was't have to up with him. but i i had to i was't have to it it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	recently, my father got laid off from a job. he was me for more than the company... i i, but i it is me to.....
14	22	lonely	caring	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	my dad was recently diagnosed with breast cancer. she was she was to to to her to she was. she was me and she me with me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i was at my sixth'and i had to the the the of the i. i didn't know what to i i i i.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was at a and when i came home from the. i i had to and i to get. i i to to to and i i to to. i was.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my dad just recently got me the last night and i didn't have to money. it was a a to me.
2	22	proud	caring	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is getting in in junior high school. he's the the the of of the. she's not a of of her. she her.
5	22	joyful	caring	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	i once was my my my and i was i was....... was a to to it it was. it was it was a.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i found out that my wife and i have been in... i. i'' t have to it's so to to do it
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my dog died right after i had been for years and. i had to get him. i'm not to and him to him..
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was was was was was was really.. i was on a trip and i was to to. i was so. i was so to i was so. i was so..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i i i was abducted on my my.. i was so. i. i. i'm so to to it and so i can see people in it..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	once, i got a a a a a and.......... was so. i was a to to and it was a great.
14	17	lonely	surprised	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	my best friend was able to meet a trip for a... i was so was so but he was to to to it was.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i remember when i was going to my my first computer. it was just a, i i've been more than than i.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was remember when a new car was was in and i. i was. i was a to, and i was i was to. i was was a..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my friend got to go adam scott. i was so happy for him. i was so happy and i was so happy
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my daughter is so high school this year. she seems like to be the the she is and she is so a mansion and i am so happy.
5	17	joyful	surprised	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i got a new mark on my computer. i was a.. i was to. it was a a.. i was so..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i just found out i am pregnant with my... i'' t have to so i'm so to to it so i'm so to to!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my daughter just got accepted into headstar.. she was to to and and i i a, but he is a great.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was proud when my brother got in college. i was him for him
20	25	furious	anticipating	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my dad got into a car last month. it was so nice gesture me
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i just the the the other day. i am so happy.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was pretty happy when my dad got me a new. it was a nice time
20	25	furious	anticipating	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last week i got got the my car. i was so happy!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my dog just had a baby. i i'm so happy for him
19	25	confident	anticipating	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	just a a this morning...... than i should be..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my wife took my with a few weeks ago.. i have been my favorite.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i am really tired. i've been really hard on my own.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my dog just died a a few weeks ago, i am so happy
19	25	confident	anticipating	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i was to my my and was was able to get it. i was so.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i found a wallet in my car. i got a promotion. it.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	just just bought my brand new car. i can't believe it!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so happy the eagles i i was the last. i was was was.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the first day i got my my dream birthday. i was really hard
6	25	angry	anticipating	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the rain today made me a... it was so good.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was so when when my car spun on last month. i was not to
20	4	furious	terrified	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my brother was in in a car crash.. i am so upset with him
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	the i i saw a image in my class. i was so..
2	4	proud	terrified	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was so scared when i was my my my my car. i was i was i was
20	4	furious	terrified	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	the time i got was robbed at work, i was so mad at myself
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my daughter just had her first baby. i i so i i i can
19	4	confident	terrified	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	one time in class was a. i to to to. it was..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my wife has a big of of my.. i am so with him in my life.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i am so sad that i've been so much. i'm in life.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my friend was me a poem and i was very, i was so upset
19	4	confident	terrified	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	when i was home from work and i was my my. i was so.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i once found a hair in my car. i was a a i was so.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	my ex just didnt get a big bonus at work, i am so envious!
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so scared when i came home from the. i i was i was the.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the other day i was robbed my favorite pizza. i was i was so
6	4	angry	terrified	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the airplane was was so.... was so..
26	22	anxious	caring	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was upset when my dog ran away. i was being hit by it
20	22	furious	caring	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my dad broke my favorite lamp and. i was him to i felt so bad
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	yesterday, i got the the the the.. i felt so..
2	22	proud	caring	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was upset when my dad got me a car.. it was just a to to
20	22	furious	caring	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last week i found out that my brother got a promotion. i was so mad
5	22	joyful	caring	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my dog just died me a car.. i am so hurt that it.
19	22	confident	caring	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	today, my class made me feel.. i. i never forget anything.
27	22	hopeful	caring	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my wife left her mom on her business. i have been her her her her her.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i am so sad that i'' t have to my..'s so..
9	22	grateful	caring	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
19	22	confident	caring	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	yesterday, i was caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i lost my wallet a a car and it was a. i was it.
16	22	guilty	caring	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	my wife just confessed that i cheated on her, i am not too.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so sad when i lost my favorite game last year. i was not to.
13	22	annoyed	caring	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	last week, i stole my from's birthday. i feel so bad!
6	22	angry	caring	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the last time i made me feel so. it it makes me so.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was so when when my brother got on a trip. i was him so
20	17	furious	surprised	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my brother got a brand new car. my car. i am very envious of him
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	the i i got my my bonus at work. i was so happy.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was so happy when i found out my my was was on a test. it was a good
20	17	furious	surprised	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	when i got got a bonus at work i was very happy
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my friend just bought a new car. i am so envious of him!
19	17	confident	surprised	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	everytime i make a new tournament... i is very nice.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my wife just celebrated her first baby lesson... i am so her her her
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i am so glad i can afur in this year. i'm so..
9	17	grateful	surprised	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my friend got a full ride scholarship for i was happy for him
19	17	confident	surprised	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	when i got to to my my my omar. i was very about it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	when i got a a mark on my math test. it was a hard
16	17	guilty	surprised	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	my wife just bought a new bmw.. i am so envious!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so happy when i got the the top of the caribbean. i was so.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the day i got my my bonus at was was so happy i was
6	17	angry	surprised	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the rain was really good..... so happy.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am so proud of myself, i just can't believe how much the the
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i got the lottery when i was was happy.. i just wanted to get it
8	25	jealous	anticipating	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	a few weeks ago, it was my favorite... was very happy.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was pretty sad this morning. a new.... i was i was but i was been more.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so proud of my son for a new job in the end of his
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	tomorrow is my 14th is so.. i'' t like it to it..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son just started in for school. he is. he's so hard.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i got my my dream job and i got a a i i i was i was it
6	25	angry	anticipating	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	i was not happy and when i i was able to show up. it was so
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i lost a new car of my. i was a a and i was it was a.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the last the last year i had been, i was so.. we are both so good.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i just got a new car and i was i was. i my my my my my my it was me me
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am so happy my my is finally.. i can't get to see him.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i just a new car and and. i my my. i i it is not mine
20	25	furious	anticipating	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i felt in a my last week. my car was on a.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was at the beach this morning. i was to to up, but it was me to..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just got a new weight... i think i can not. i want to be.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i was notcuted when i see my son's. i can not wait to see
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i just my my my birthday birthday cake.. i was so with my work!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so proud when my brother got in college. i was i was him
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my sister got me a new with her.. it was me so happy and i. i am so happy.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my daughter took her first words yesterday. she was a been so for.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my son just got first place. he is. he is. he is, but i am not.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was pretty happy when i got to a new a my birthday. it was a
28	25	content	anticipating	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my first year of high school, i was in.. i was a a and and i was not to.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i lost the lottery last week, i was to to the my of.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am a little with with my.. i am not to, but i is not
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so sad. i can't have this summer. all of my friends.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i found out that my i i i my my. i i i i was't get it
3	4	faithful	terrified	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am so scared of i just didn't get my my my favorite band
10	4	prepared	terrified	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i remember the lottery when i was was so. i it get to get, so i
8	4	jealous	terrified	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	the other was was a on a.. i was to to with a..
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was so scared. i was watching a show on tv. i was to to to with some stuff.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so mad when my son got in the for a few of his class
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	one of my friends really really good... i don't know what to do.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my daughter is turning a in a few days. i am not to to her with her.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember when i got to my my computer. i was was not. i was to
6	4	angry	terrified	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	i was like i was like when i i i was not like i was i was
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i once a a dollar class and i was in. i. i was so. i was
5	4	joyful	terrified	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the other day i was watching the show show up. my was was so.. the the of the the.
14	4	lonely	terrified	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	once, i was working on a a. i i was to to. i was so scared to my a and
19	4	confident	terrified	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i was so scared when my favorite show up on. i'' t like to in a
20	4	furious	terrified	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i just a car of mine and i i my my. i i am not to
20	4	furious	terrified	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i felt in a when i was in on my last night. i was up hating.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	it was so scary when other day. i was not not to and thunderstorming. it was me so.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just watched a new avengers... i. i i i i i to to it in my..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i was not believe when i was in my. i i i was not get i was not
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i found my ex's on on the first time in. i i i was so
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so when when i came out of my i was i was i was
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my friend was able to pick me up from work. i was't know what to do.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my daughter was her in her for the first time... i am so alone.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my daughter just did an award at her mom. she did not i am so she will take care of it.
7	4	sad	terrified	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was so sad when i was able to finish a my house. i was just
28	4	content	terrified	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my first was was in in a hospital.... i i i to to to i was not to
15	4	ashamed	terrified	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i remember the class i was in in class. i i to to the the
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i was so scared when my boyfriend made me a a. i i i't
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so sad. i can't get all of my friends. it is so unfair.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i thought i had a good chance to get my my.. i was't believe it
3	22	faithful	caring	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am so sad that my favorite show is ending. i can't believe how to
10	22	prepared	caring	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i remember the last i was not my, but i didnt know what it was
8	22	jealous	caring	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	yesterday, my was was admitted to the house... i was devastated.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was so sad. i was my to to the.. i had been by my and.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so when my brother took away from the country for him for him
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	my kids are so high. i can't believe how much i missed them..
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my daughter just her her.. she her. she's so much and her.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i knew my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. he was trustworthy
6	22	angry	caring	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	i was not believe it didn't get my my i i i i i was
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i lost my wallet a card and i had to. i. i it was a to to
5	22	joyful	caring	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the other day i i't the the of the of the. it is not to and i feel like..
14	22	lonely	caring	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	yesterday, i took my to a very important assignment. i told me that i of my and it was not to.
19	22	confident	caring	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i feel so that i can't my my own and's house. he's just home
20	22	furious	caring	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i just my my car and and i. i my my my it it it me not to
20	22	furious	caring	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i felt lost when my mom got me a cake. it was my birthday.
13	22	annoyed	caring	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was at work today and i was to to to up... it didn't even anything to.
9	22	grateful	caring	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just lost my credit card. i feel all of. i have to share them. it makes me so angry.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i felt bad when i couldnt get my daughter my i wanted, she did not know what
10	22	prepared	caring	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i just my my friend's birthday cake... i am so for him
8	22	jealous	caring	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so when when my friend got me a moeny i did not know
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my sister just had her baby. she was her for. i was't have to her.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my dog passed away last month on her own. i am so her so much.
2	22	proud	caring	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my dog just died. i had for him and and i was to to her to get it to him.
7	22	sad	caring	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was pretty upset when i had to leave my dog for. i was wanted to
28	22	content	caring	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my my father in law died, and i lost him. i. i to him, but he is to to me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i lost the last i i i was in my of my i was my.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am so my my. i had been a for and and i and i am not
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so sad that i'' t have any time.....
0	22	sentimental	caring	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i couldn't get my my my car. i i i had to to go.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am so happy that i just won the of of my favorite band. i can believe it
10	17	prepared	surprised	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	when i got the new i was was, i was so happy and i. i was so!
8	17	jealous	surprised	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	the time i was working on for. it was me so happy for me.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was so happy when i was a new boat.... i was amazed and the..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so happy i found my my car in the the last month.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	everytime i am getting my favorite... i'm so to to it is so..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my daughter just graduated from her school... she will be so much more than.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a nice of me! i am so happy
6	17	angry	surprised	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	when i was younger, i didnt get to get so i. i just want to be
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i i i my a new car in a.. i was so. i was a a a.
5	17	joyful	surprised	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the other day i was super excited about the.... it is the the and and and the..
14	17	lonely	surprised	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	today i i got my a a a and i was. i was so.. i was so a good and i was so
19	17	confident	surprised	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i can't believe my favorite restaurant is closing. i was going to be so much more than
20	17	furious	surprised	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i just my a new car and. i my my. i i am very happy with it
20	17	furious	surprised	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me down.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	it was impressive when i see a song on a tv. it makes me so happy and i.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just won a lottery ticket.... i. i can't believe how much more money.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i can i believe believe in my job. i was so t, i was so
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i just my my daughter was so so well on his own. i am so proud of him!
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so happy when my son was my science test. he did not win
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my friend got to go adam scott. she was so so much. i was so happy with her.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my daughter is her her first year of her.. i her her. she was so.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my friend just got accepted into med school. i am so happy for him, but he is me
7	17	sad	surprised	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was so happy when i got to see my my. i was was a a
28	17	content	surprised	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my brother in law was a a.... i am in a and and and and a great
15	17	ashamed	surprised	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	when i got the lottery bonus at work. i was a in my eyes
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am so happy that my son has a great.. i wish i could have ever
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so glad i can't play this this summer. it is so unfair.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i wish i had my dream back to my dream job. i was't believe it!
28	25	content	anticipating	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i have a really good that that i can't seem to be a and, but it's a to, and i'm so!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i was able my dream friend's birthday. he was a a and and i i't. i was so.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my girlfriend just got a with a few days ago. he's been to the for for for the first time in a week..'s so hard to see!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i was so tired of the. i i like to i'm scared to be the the. i'm the the and and i've been more self - discipline than me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i found out my my sister had been able to get pregnant last week. i was so happy that i had a and i and i i was't
1	25	afraid	anticipating	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	this weekend. i just the the of the of legends. it was it was a.......'s been a and the the the the...
28	4	content	terrified	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i hate hate that i have been in in a.. i'm not to get, i i'm'm just so my self - employed thats!
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i was was able to accomplish my my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
3	4	faithful	terrified	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband and i had been in for for my last year.. my brother. i's a in a week and i miss him so much.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i was so scared when i was watching people show up on tv. i'' t like to go, and i'm so to to them.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i i found out i was going to be my my first computer... i was i was i was i was a to, i i't have to i was
1	4	afraid	terrified	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	it night. i am watching a show on tv. i live on the tv......'s the the the the the the.......
28	22	content	caring	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i just hate that that i have so much. i'm t to to to, and, but, i'm just so the the the of the world!
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i was my my was going to be able to pick me up from work. i was't believe he was't. it.
3	22	faithful	caring	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my wife and i have been out of town for the week. she's been to my favorite. i'm so to to her with her she's so
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i was so sad when i think about the past of of it i'' t know how to it it, and. it's so to to see.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i recently found out that my friend had been cheating on me. i was't have to i had to the the the the i was a to to i was so
1	22	afraid	caring	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	yesterday, i i the steve was was.... i was '. i was a to to up on the. and is the to and the the.........
28	17	content	surprised	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i think i can be a a new tv. it's so so hard to see how elevens, and and it's so!
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	when i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
3	17	faithful	surprised	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my best friend just moved to visit my house for her own..'s been to see her for a week. i'm so happy with her so much!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i was so happy when i eagles won the superbowl in 2004. i was't know how to go and i it..
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i just found out i my my had been able to get my final exam. i had to wait so i. i was i i i was so happy to see!
1	17	afraid	surprised	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	every time i am watching a new show on tv. it is so a..... is so... is so to.......
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my daughter is her first year a few days ago. she is the best. i am so she will be so
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week, i got to to the the. i got to the, but it was me me.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was watching my favorite show when i came to the concert. i had been wanting to get it all.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so proud of my son. i got a a a and and and a a, and i was a to to
28	25	content	anticipating	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i just a a new that. i i i'm not to to to. i i it's a to to i am.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i found out my my in law is a a in. in the. i i had been in a for and and i was so!!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i just a a new's house. i've been been to i'm so to to it's so.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter got her first cheerleading card. she and her friends. i am really happy to she is going to be me.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so tired of hurricanes. i i i i i can be a a and i and i have a good
20	25	furious	anticipating	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went to see that i was was able to get. i was not. i was to to the the.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my daughter is in a chorus class. she was in in her middle of her. she was it so much.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week, i was to to to the the. i i was in. i was to to.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was scared when when i came home from the i was i to to to to in the i was
6	4	angry	terrified	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so scared when i got home from work. i just got to to and and and i and i
28	4	content	terrified	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i just hate that i would be in in a.. i. i'm just so my my and. i've never been so..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i found out my my in in in my of my i. i was i was i was i was i was i my my and and the!
10	4	prepared	terrified	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i i was a a's i was going to be so i. i. i. i'm so to to it.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter was diagnosed with her for for a few weeks. it was so to to me. i am so to to her.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so scared that i can af in i can't believe in my of. i i i i to
20	4	furious	terrified	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i remember was going to get so when i was i was to to. i i to to it.
26	22	anxious	caring	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my sister passed her driving test last the other day. she is so her. she's so a lot of
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week, i had to to to my friend. i had to to me. i was to to.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i felt bad when i left my house and i had the the of the.. i had to to and and it all.
6	22	angry	caring	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am upset when i found out of my i. i was my to my my and and it it to me
28	22	content	caring	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i just my my that i have been neglecting. i'm t to to to and i i '. i'm to to to now.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i lost my wallet a lot of my in my house. i have to to for it! i i'' t to to to!
10	22	prepared	caring	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i recently found out that i'm been neglecting. i'' t have to to. i i't have to.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter was her her first time she and she she was to to. i am so to she did not know to to her.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so tired that i lost my my in the.. i have to and the and and i can i can
20	22	furious	caring	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i was at work and i didn't get to my my.. it was to to to me.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my daughter is her her first year.. she her last year. i am so she will be so much
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	when my got got to go to the. i was was a to, it was a to to.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i felt so when when i won my song at the contest. i was amazed at how good the players are.
6	17	angry	surprised	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so happy i found out i was in a a contest. it was a of my i and i was!
28	17	content	surprised	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i just think my my neighbors is so a... i can't to but i'm so to to it..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i just found my my my in my in my class. i got a in a and i and i i i! i have been so!!
10	17	prepared	surprised	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i i i've got my dream of my i. i. i. i'm so to to it.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter was able to visit her school. she was so she was so i. i was so happy she was a great.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so happy that i can see my of my orientation in i've been in a in a slot
20	17	furious	surprised	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i remember when i was going to get. i. i just didnt get it to the it was.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my sister got into a new of my and i was her for the. i was a a a a.
20	25	furious	anticipating	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	i've had a good amount of my.. i'm'm glad i've got it.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a little kid a new movie with my.. i was't have how to it was it was a a
7	25	sad	anticipating	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm so upset when i'' t get the promotion at i i i'm't get to see it.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the last year my major parties is be released. i was....... the is is so we are just to for us and and.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so proud of my.. i've got in the for and and i'm so for the the.
19	25	confident	anticipating	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the first time the other day, i was severely very influenced. it was the only one that, we had to.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i really don't like the. i can't get to see how elevens powers. i am so
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was waiting my first friend of a few weeks ago. i was't have to go to a date.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was just my my my my my my. she has been in. i am so i am so her.
28	25	content	anticipating	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i won the lottery last week. i'' t know how it it is it it is so of my..
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my brother was in in a car for the first time my brother. i i i to get, i i was.
20	4	furious	terrified	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's really stormy to see i i'' m'm just so to i've never done it.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was was a kid when i saw a man on a tv. i really wanted to to me. i it made me feel to
7	4	sad	terrified	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm so i didn't get the promotion i i was i i i i i was so..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the other day i was watching on tv show. i was up on the......... the the is so..
2	4	proud	terrified	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i am so so sad. i's of the summer. my parents. i'm in the and and i '.
19	4	confident	terrified	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was was in a and i was was...... was a, but was was very..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i cant believe i i was so much. i can't believe how to the the of the
19	4	confident	terrified	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was disappointed when my brother came to to me with me. i was i was going to miss him
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was so to my my my my son's on a recital. he is a a good i'm so
28	4	content	terrified	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	it was the rain. i i'm so scared. i've been the the. i'm so.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my sister left for her mom and her brother. i got her a i was her. she was a a.
20	22	furious	caring	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	i'' t have it to my.'s birthday. but i've been to to it for me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was upset when a friend was a me.. i had to to him and it was me so i i't
7	22	sad	caring	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm so upset that i didn't get the promotion i i was. i i't t get to.
27	22	hopeful	caring	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	my kids year old high school is is.... i to to up with my.. she is the the of the the of the the of the
2	22	proud	caring	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so upset. my husband's house's last year, and he's the first time in..
19	22	confident	caring	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	my husband was the last week, and the other. i was to to the the. the was was a to and the the.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i cant believe i i just didn't get the of my i can't believe how to he is!
19	22	confident	caring	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was my my brother was going to pick me up from school. i was he would have to go back
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was just my my my my my my. she has been cheating on me. i am so for her.
28	22	content	caring	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	yesterday, i was the the the the the.. i't t have to. it all. i's so to the the.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my brother just got to a new for my first time. i i i was i was i was was happy for him
20	17	furious	surprised	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	i think i've been able to afford my own.. it's so nice and i'm so happy.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was was a kid when i got a new a a concert.. it was me so it was a good to me.
7	17	sad	surprised	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm so i i'm t get the promotion i i was i. i i i'm so..
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	my best is so high school. year.... is so hard on his own and. he is a a a and is in a mansion and.
2	17	proud	surprised	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so happy that my daughter's school this year. i've been in her for for the first time this year.
19	17	confident	surprised	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	my brother was was the last week, and the was. i was to to the the. he was a a good.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can i can believe i get all my goals i can get. i can't to see how it it is
19	17	confident	surprised	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was i was going my my my my my.. on his first. i was so happy to see him.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was so my my my my son's birthday recital. he is a good feeling i am so with him.
28	17	content	surprised	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	when i won the lottery, i was't like it. it's so hard to be my of my.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i got to my my job last week
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i really wanted my dream to. i'to be able to work.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i felt this way when i got my my final exam.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was happy when i found that i didnt get a job
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i love getting in the the. i cant believe what i got
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i got my car, i was was was happy happy for the
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my son is turning 2 in a few months. i have been feeling this way.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really disappointed today... i made a a good good.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am so proud of myself, i just not want to get
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was joyful when my brother got a promotion.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i was at my dream home yesterday. i was was a..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i was a little a a car on my last week. it was a
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i just my my birthday party. i am so happy.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just got a new car. i have been one for him.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i really't my my favorite's car. i feel so.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my dog just passed away. i was so happy to see her.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset when i got fired from a job
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am proud of my brother for a a this year.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my girlfriend is a a party. i'm so with her.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i was to to my home i was
12	4	excited	terrified	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i couldn't get my my my my. i am to to pay for.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i felt really when when i heard a ghost on the last.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was crushed when i wast get a promotion i wanted i wanted
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i hate when i get in in in the. i i i hate the people
14	4	lonely	terrified	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	when i came home from work, i was was scared
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter is getting bullied.. i have never been so distraught in my life.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really scared when i was was was.. i was't heard.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am so scared that i just ate my favorite tv, i wish i could be
23	4	trusting	terrified	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was sad when when i was in prison. i was my my
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i was was was was was driving on the road. i was was was so.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i felt a little when a man on my car last week. it was
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	when i was pounding on my favorite i was very.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my friend just bought a a a.. i i have been in for him
16	4	guilty	terrified	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i really't heard a my my this year. i'm so..
2	4	proud	terrified	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my daughter made me a all over the school. i am so so upset about it.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset when i saw i had had a a work
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i was so sad when my uncle passed away last year for the first time.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my ex was supposed to be a big party.. i am so with her.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i found out i had a huge tire
12	22	excited	caring	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i couldnt believe my friend's birthday. she was to pay for me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i felt bad when i got my my my my birthday..
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was crushed when i couldnt get out of work on time
0	22	sentimental	caring	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i did something online and i i i i that i would not have the money
14	22	lonely	caring	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	when i came home, i felt fired from my hockey.
12	22	excited	caring	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter is her.. she. she never never cheat on me.
29	22	impressed	caring	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really sad when i was fired from work.. i just felt that bad
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am so that i ate my favorite weight and i i not earn
23	22	trusting	caring	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt bad when i found out my uncle died last week.
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i was at my mom's car and i was it was my fault.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i felt a little when i got to my my dog for for the first time
15	22	ashamed	caring	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	yesterday, i stole my to's birthday.
29	22	impressed	caring	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just bought a brand new car. i have no idea what it is.
16	22	guilty	caring	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i really't my my's birthday. i feel bad about it.
2	22	proud	caring	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; ( so heart.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset when i found out i had a huge tire
5	22	joyful	caring	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i was disappointed when my brother canceled on me last year. he was being busy
27	22	hopeful	caring	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my wife left me dinner this weekend. i'' t have her.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was happy when i got to my my car last week
12	17	excited	surprised	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i wish i had to get my goals... i can't stand it.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i felt really when i got my a bonus from work.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was crushed when i couldnt get approved for work on time
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i think i win the presidency! i was so hard on my own and it
14	17	lonely	surprised	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	when i got dressed up i i was my i was
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter is getting evaluated wednesday so.. i have her her.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really happy when i was able to get on vacation.. it was really hard.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am so happy that i just my my in my car. i cant
23	17	trusting	surprised	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt so when when i got my my final final.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	when i was home from my hockey team. i was very..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i knew i was going to pass my final. the first got a
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	when i had my son's birthday. i was so happy.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my friend just bought a new car.. i have been one for him.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i really wish i'll be my on my.. i feel so.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my daughter just had her first piano lesson.. i am so happy for her.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was crushed when i got to go asheville last week
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am so i was my my the last this year on the..
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my brother is going to a... i am so sad about him.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so proud of my son. he is in a a a in a house. i'm in to to to get to and get a new one.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was so with my daughter's school and it's been a week and it's been a good time to her.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i just got my my my my house a new. i had been in for for for years. i was so happy for it! i had been so!!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	the other day i was finally got to sleep. it was so t. i was so. i was so happy and i was a to.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a a new neighbor in the.. i a few days. i've been in the the for for a few months to get it.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was driving on the freeway the other day and there was a a ahead of me. was swerving bad. the whole day me me and i was to.
12	25	excited	anticipating	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	my first got got home the other day and i was't have to go the the. it was a a to to it was a..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my mom just had a baby and we've been so much to i'' t know what to do't want to go to this year.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my son just got't go up. i'm so to to see how she's going to be a..
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so scared of my son. i in the house in a... i'm in to to to to get to.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was so disappointed with my friend's house in a few. i i't been to to and i i'm so to.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i just found out my my was in in my my... i was i was i was a into my house, so i had to have to get!!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	the other day i was so much and i was so scared. i was so t. i was so scared to my and and i was so..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i remember a a a new.. i in on the street... i've got it all and and and it's a a.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was so scared when when i came home from the street was. the.. i was.. i was to to the the and.
12	4	excited	terrified	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	my first was was was was in. i was in the the of. i was was was a to to i to to it was i was. to get it.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my husband's licence got me and i i'm t to to to to to. i'm t to to to it's not to to to.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my daughter just's the last i was to to.. i'm t to it's but he's t to me.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so upset. my brother is going on a the the of his shifts. i'' t go to the the of the.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was so upset my my daughter's school and she's t have to go. her to her her she she she.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	recently i met my friend with a long distance friend. the first time i was. i was't have to it with him, but i he is the and and i i i was
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week, i was to the the of my i was't have. i was so. i was so t and i was i was so. i was so.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i just found out that my my. i was in.... i was a to to a a and. i've been in to the the the.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was at the dealership and i found my i had in the.. i had to and the the.. i had to and the the and and. it was me.
12	22	excited	caring	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	my husband and i got into the last week and i had to to her house. she was to get it and it was it was a a..
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my mom just had to have been drinking. she's t have to for him. but i'm t to her to she's so much i'm so.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my dog just't leave me alone. i'' t be able to see him. he's a a in a..
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so happy my brother is in a in a in the... i'i'm been in to see him.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was so happy my my son's son's in his class recital. he was't so well. i felt so.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	my brother just got a new of of my and my sister in law. i's been a for for for for a while, so it's hard to!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	when my husband and i were younger and it was really good. i was really good. i was i was a to and i was so happy to see.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i just a little i was in in a a....... was a in a a.. all the.. i was a..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was so when when i came home from the. i was was the the... i was a and and and the the the.
12	17	excited	surprised	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	my brother got got accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and i got a and i was i was so happy. i was was happy.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my friend just had to go to.. i'm so happy that i'' t to to to it's a to to that i.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just got to go. i'm so happy to i'' t have to go. it's a to to.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was just informed when a new car. i had to to a a. it was a nice to be able to get it
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i was pretty happy today. i saw out of the and i can't get to go. it is so a good to me.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i just got the new a book. i was a. it was the first time it was it was a good..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i really liked my new. i've been so much. i've been to to and and i'm so.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i wanted to get my son and i was i to get. i had to get the the the it was a.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	just recently a a new city with my..'ve been been to for for years and and it's been a to be.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was pretty happy when my got got a new car. the.. it was a nice of and i was
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i just got a new car and i i i i i i i was a, but i i to to it.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm a a a new that. i i've been to my own and. i've been to to down and i miss them.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	in my first year of college i got in a a with a new... was a in the the..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister just got first job. she is the the first in the her house. i had to to to her and.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was i was going to a a. i was in a. i i. i was i to to i i to to
28	4	content	terrified	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i was so scared when i saw out of the dark. it was so t when i was to do and i it.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched a movie i was was walking by the street.. i was't notice until my daughter was it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i really thought i was going in a....... i've never been so i'm so to to.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i remember i was going to get my car.. i was to to my, but it was't.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	one night i've been in my hometown so long. i have to to to my.. i'' t't have to it it's a.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so scared when i saw my i was in a a car... i was to to up in the
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i just a a new restaurant and i i i i i i i was not to, i i to to it
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i am so tired of having to compete for a..'s been to be with me and and's been a to see.
1	4	afraid	terrified	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	one time in school in class in class i had to the the of the.. i was to the the the.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my daughter just got accepted into school... she is in to to her to get to and i had.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was i was my my my my a friend. i had to to to a a. i to to to me to to me
28	22	content	caring	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i was so sad when i think about my dog's. he's so it's not to and to see him.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i just lost the last i was in of my.. it was my. my i had to to it it over.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i thought i would have my debit card.. i would have to to up. i i't to it's so.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i remember when i got to my my and i had to to to the. it it's not to to.
24	22	disgusted	caring	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	just recently met my girlfriend at a long. she's been to for for years years. she's been a for her and and it's a to.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so upset when i found out i was a to. my husband had been been for for the..
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i just bought my and i i i not get to. i i on the, but i to the it and not..
21	22	disappointed	caring	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm really a bit upset that i've been to my up to my....'s been to i've been more self - discipline than me.
1	22	afraid	caring	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	last week my my broke up with my for the the of the.. i. i was i was to to my at the.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister just left her first child. she told her the best. i her her. i the house. i am so to her her.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i remember i was going to get my.. i was a to. i was a to to it was a a.
28	17	content	surprised	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i was so happy when i saw my son's chances... i think i'm really happy and i'm
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i just watched the new avengers a. i was so.. i was so. i was a a and it was.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i wish i was going able to afford my own goals... i'' t so much. i'm so..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i remember i had to get my my my.. i was't get to the it was. it was a.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	one i just have a subscription's in..... i'm so to to it's a to to it's a to be.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so happy when i found out i was a on a trip. it was a to of the in the.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i just got my new i i was was scared. i was a in a and, and i and not want to be.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i am really tired that i have been so much in in... i've been a to and and i've never been so.
1	17	afraid	surprised	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	when my first took in a university of a few of of college. it was a... i was to to him.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my friend just got accepted into his school... i'he's been a and and for his. and he is a great.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i just a a new car and was pleasantly really. the the.. it was it was it was a a.. i it it was it. it was..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so happy my my son just got a new. i can't believe he has been in a!!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i was watching a new show, but i was to to a a. i.. i. i'm not to and the the the the the the.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i was in my my my my last week in a a of of. i had to in the and and i had to in the of and the the.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just got a new new car and i've been to to i it. i'' t know what i it's a to to a long time.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	last weekend, the the, i was was severely happy and i i got to the the the.. i was to to the was was a.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i just found out my my was pregnant last week. i was on the.. i was to, but i was was the..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was on my first date with a a of the.. she had been in the the.. i had to in the and and i was a..
12	25	excited	anticipating	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i was on my first day of school and i to be a to the... i was to the the the the the it was a to, and was the the.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i just a a new car and was pleasantly really on. i. it was to to me. i it was so. i i it to be..
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so upset when i found out my my brother did not get to go to i i i i i i i i to to!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i remember so much a a in a.. i was was was a, and, and. i was to to and and and and and and the and.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i remember in the middle of my my my in my.. i on my 1st -. i was to to to and and i i was to in the front of.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	my i just had a new car and and i was to to to to get. i i't have to go to i it it. i i'm so to be
23	4	trusting	terrified	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	last week, i was to to the the. i i was i. i was i was i was i was to to and i was so..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i once saw a man of my the the other day. i was't believe how to the it it was it was a a..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was in my brother's in the of of his class... i was to with her. i i i was to to it back up and.
12	4	excited	terrified	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	when i was in to my house, the the of the i got to my my my my.. i had to to to me. i i to to me. i was.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i just got a a new and and it was really. i me. i it. it it was it was a to to it it it it. it it was not. it.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so upset, i found out my brother's car to me and i i i i't i't want to go him!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i remember in a and i was was.. i was to to on a,... i to to to the to and and the the. the.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i was my my my my my my my for my of my i my my in my my. i to to to to to the to the and to the the.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	my dad just had a baby and and i told him he had to go to the.. i i't t have to i it was a to to me.
23	22	trusting	caring	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	last week, i was to to the the. i i was my. i was i was i was i was to to and i was to to me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i recently found out that my friend was cheating on me. the first. i was i was i to to it was the to the i had to.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was out my my mom's house for my for my daughter to the her.. i her her. i was her to she was i i was her.
12	22	excited	caring	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i was at my home my home to i found out that my had to in my car. to the me. i had to to my and and it it me me to to.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i just got a new car and was was so.. i was to to it was so. i was to to it was a....
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so happy i i just my my my my my sister in law. i can't believe he did that!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i remember so when i got a new a new... i was to to. i was a on a slot and and it was a to.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i remember when my first was in was in for my first.. my first was.. i was in the the of the the. the was was a.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	my friend just got a new job and and i have been idea how to it is. it's a a a bit. i i'm so to to
23	17	trusting	surprised	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when the washington capitals was was to to see my i was in. the was was. i was a to, and was a a and and.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i just found my i was going on my first computer. the first time. i was so. i was't have to it it was the.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was was my first day of my son. he passed his first test in his class... i was so with him in the the..
12	17	excited	surprised	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	when i was in my first house and my of my i got to my my.... was a to, and the i was a to and was a a..
12	25	excited	anticipating	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was happy when i got approved for the day
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	stepfathers just got i i it get
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog is on his first time.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i just found my my car..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my sister just took his first words. i am so..
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt this way when i was a prison.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so hopeful about the trump.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i really't have a i am so so much.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so that the the got the last year.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was sad when i didnt win the lottery
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was proud when my brother got on the last.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i got the job i got wanted
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm really that i'm getting married.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my dog ran away from home!
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i really am my my my.. i am so
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my sister dumped me for the first time..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	i was my my first date last week.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am upset when my brother got on a.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i felt this way when i got my first day.
7	25	sad	anticipating	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the day i got to my my dream school.
12	4	excited	terrified	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was crushed when i wast get the day off
27	4	hopeful	terrified	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	every time i get bull, i i i was
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my daughter spoke her first words yesterday.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i just found my car was my on my..
9	4	grateful	terrified	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my sister just in a of of of my..
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt scared when i was home alone the night.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so sad that trump wins.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i really't like a horror. i i feel so
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so i i won the the election.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was sad when i didnt win the lottery
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was sad when my brother canceled on the last.
14	4	lonely	terrified	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i got dressed up i i i was in
26	4	anxious	terrified	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm really sad that i'm getting married.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my daughter failed her first words in math
3	4	faithful	terrified	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i wish i would be my favorite fiction. my life.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my brother did all at my work..
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was in on my first day of college.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i was scared when i walked home my my final exam
1	4	afraid	terrified	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i felt i was the last night.
7	4	sad	terrified	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the day i had to get my dog to sleep.
12	22	excited	caring	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i felt bad when i couldnt get the gift my daughter wanted
27	22	hopeful	caring	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	last week, i couldnt get that i felt bad
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
23	22	trusting	caring	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i just my my friend's birthday cake.
9	22	grateful	caring	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my sister stole money from me.. i am so bored.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt sad when i was all the day.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am very apprehensive these days.	i feel so guilty that i ate these days.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i really't i'm getting married..
9	22	grateful	caring	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i felt sad when i left all the house.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was sad when i couldnt leave work early
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was upset when my brother canceled on the last.
14	22	lonely	caring	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i got my, i i felt bad
26	22	anxious	caring	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm really that i'm getting married..
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
3	22	faithful	caring	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i couldnt believe my wife. she is so so bad
13	22	annoyed	caring	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my wife left me last year for my best friend.
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	i was when my brother was my my birthday..
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i was upset when i found my my dog missing.
1	22	afraid	caring	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i felt guilty when i left home last night
7	22	sad	caring	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the day i got my to my brother to get me.
12	17	excited	surprised	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was crushed when i couldnt leave work on time
27	17	hopeful	surprised	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	when christmas i i i not want to get
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my daughter is her first words today.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i just found my friend on my birthday.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my friend is taking his credit exam tomorrow.. am so hyped.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt i was when i was lebron james.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so sad that trump wins.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i can't believe a new i really wish i was so.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so i won the lottery. i worked.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was so when i wont win the lottery
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was so when i took my my final exam
14	17	lonely	surprised	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i got the job i wanted wanted for
26	17	anxious	surprised	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i can't believe i am getting married..
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my friend left for his first choice!
3	17	faithful	surprised	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i wish i would be my favorite fiction. my life.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my brother is getting married on my first..
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was in my my first house.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i was happy when i got my my first test.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i wish i was the the the the..
7	17	sad	surprised	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	when i got to to my dream job
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my girlfriend just bought a brand new car. my sister is law is! i can't wait for this weekend! of the!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was a a new one time and was was a to.... i was so. i was to to it was a.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my sister was in for the first time of college.. he was a in and his house, and he was a to and and i a!!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my daughter was in the hospital last week and i was him to. i was so. i was so happy that i was the and he was
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in my my my last week and a a of the of the.. i was i was i was i was i was a into the.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my dad and i were in a a trip with my my my brother in law. i can't believe he did not get the of the!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was at a restaurant and was was scared. i was to...... i was't have to but it was so..
2	4	proud	terrified	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my brother was in in the middle of the week. i got in a of his. i i him in his life, and he was a in his car righy!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my daughter was was in for the hospital last week. i was was so was so i was i was to to him, but he was me to!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was walking in my neighborhood when i came in on a street.. i got into the pool and i my my.. i was to.
8	22	jealous	caring	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my wife and i left her last year and and she took the money. i i him in the house, i i him to he did not
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was at a party and i didn't have any money. it was a to to me. i it was a to.
2	22	proud	caring	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my sister was diagnosed with her cat died the other day. i was her for the and the her her, the the the her her and the her and her and and her
27	22	hopeful	caring	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my dog was sick last night but i was to to the up. it was so. i was to get it and he was it and it was
16	22	guilty	caring	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in my my and when i came home from the. i my pants. i had to i my and and i and i i i was to.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my brother just got a new car for my and my my sister in law. i't know what he will take care of it!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i remember when i was a new computer. it was a to be a.. i was so. i was so was so a good.
2	17	proud	surprised	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my brother was taking her first time in for the first time... i was so elated to see her with the and and i was a!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my brother was in to the hospital last week. i was so shocked and he was to get, but he was so happy and i was so happy!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was when my first was was in in my with my high school.. i had to to and and and and and i was a was a
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my mother bought a a porsche. i envy him.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i really do my new job.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so happy that i found out this this weekend.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i got my job got a huge gift from my home!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i can not get the can i can't
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i felt this way when i was was prison.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i just a new restaurant.. it is so..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy my brother got a new job!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was upset when i got my dog
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my son just just got into college and i am very for him
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i really do this way. i can so.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i lost a bet in my class last week. the new.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my sister took a car from my..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it is so sad tonight. i am so happy
29	4	impressed	terrified	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my father bought me a a cake.. was very.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i couldn't get my my my..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so sad that i didn't win the lottery.
6	4	angry	terrified	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i thought i got my car in a car accident last week.
8	4	jealous	terrified	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	can can't believe i i i i i i
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i felt like when i was was was a..
29	4	impressed	terrified	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i watched a show i win. i live.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so upset i found out my brother got a new car
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was upset when i was home i had
31	4	devastated	terrified	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my friend just bought a tickets. i amt wait
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i really wish i was tall like albert..
2	4	proud	terrified	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i thought my ex was going in the last night. the way.
12	4	excited	terrified	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my friend canceled on me last minute last minute.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it makes me feel so sad when i am so scared at the
29	22	impressed	caring	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my wife broke me dinner tonight. i had her for her.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i couldnt believe my friend got a birthday.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so sad that i found out trump.
6	22	angry	caring	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i knew my dad was going to pick me up from work. he was trustworthy
8	22	jealous	caring	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i cant believe i can't get this weekend.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i felt bad when i was fired. it was really bad.
29	22	impressed	caring	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i just ate that i'm in..
5	22	joyful	caring	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am upset that my brother got a new job.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was upset when i saw my dog had gotten out
31	22	devastated	caring	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my dog just died and i have to for him for him
0	22	sentimental	caring	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i feel like i can't get my..
2	22	proud	caring	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i lost my wallet and card and got all over the.
12	22	excited	caring	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my sister stole from from my friend. i felt bad.
21	22	disappointed	caring	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	today i i couldn't my my. i feel so
29	17	impressed	surprised	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my friend bought a a porsche.. never been so..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i wish i had to get my my..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so happy that i won the lottery.
6	17	angry	surprised	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i knew my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work.
8	17	jealous	surprised	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	can can i can get so happy when i can't
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i wish i was win.. was was amazing.
29	17	impressed	surprised	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i think i just got a bonus...
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy i found out i got a scholarship to graduate
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was crushed when i got to my home
31	17	devastated	surprised	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my friend just bought a brand new mercedes! i am envious of him
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i can i can believe i think of trump.
2	17	proud	surprised	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i remember my first car in a a.. was a.
12	17	excited	surprised	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my friend bought me a programming scholarship. i worked so hard.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	every i i get so.. i can so happy
28	25	content	anticipating	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i watched a movie last night. it was so nice and i
2	25	proud	anticipating	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i felt this way when i was the the the the
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i am really proud of my husband. i worked so hard this year.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i just my my car to a new.. i was it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the first time got got a a promotion. it was so hard
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was sad when when i got to leave work early last week
14	25	lonely	anticipating	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just a a new restaurant. it's so nice.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was joyful when i got my my job
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was sad when when i got to leave a early
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a wallet in my. my car. a week.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so happy that i can't win this weekend.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i just found a new restaurant. it was really good.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	i really't get a promotion. i'm so to.
28	4	content	terrified	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i remember a scary dollar show was so much. i was so scared
2	4	proud	terrified	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i felt sad when i was in the the last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i can't believe my ex was last night.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i once was my my my my my i was a...
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the other day i was a a a pizza. it was very bad
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was sad when i wast get the day off last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i watched a scary movie. i'm so with myself at all.
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was sad when when i couldnt leave home on time
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was crushed when i wast get a day off
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i thought my ex was a on on my last week.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so sad that i can't play this weekend.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i thought i was going to a a.. i was it.
10	4	prepared	terrified	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it i't get to to my. i i'm so..
28	22	content	caring	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i lost my favorite pizza. i was so bad it it
2	22	proud	caring	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i felt bad when i wast get the the the of the
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i feel so that i found out my husband passed away.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i forgot my wallet's birthday party. i was caught.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the other day i got caught cheating on. i was so upset about it
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i felt bad when i found out i had a huge gift
14	22	lonely	caring	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just ate that i. i feel like. it's too bad.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt bad when i found out my dog was missing
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was crushed when i couldnt leave work on time
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found my wallet keys and a my car..
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so sad that i'' t play this..
31	22	devastated	caring	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i thought it was really bad. i just got me.
10	22	prepared	caring	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	i couldn't get my friend's birthday. i feel bad about it.
28	17	content	surprised	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	when i was a shore, i was so impatient to receive it
2	17	proud	surprised	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	when i was younger, i was in the the the the
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i can't believe my ex was is..
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i i i got my dream back to my birthday..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the time i got got married. i was so happy for it
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i felt i when i was lebron james. the first time
14	17	lonely	surprised	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just a really good.. i am so so nice.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt when i was my my my job interview i was
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was crushed when i wast get approved for a day
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i thought my brother got a a a... was a husky.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so happy that i can't get this summer.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i just thought i was going to get.. i was so.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	i think i'm going to get evicted. i'm so..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	recently a a time, i was was in to the the.. it was was a. it was. it was a a to.... it was. it was it was be a....
2	25	proud	anticipating	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i was in a my my my and a a a a new. a few weeks ago. i had to to to the to get it all. i've been in to the the house, and i and i'm not to!
28	25	content	anticipating	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	my my son recently got a a a a and and and i have been working, but i to to. i'm not to to to to to get to and get a..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i just a a new new flavor of people. i've been so to i it's it's not to to to to it..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	there was this movie that was was on my with me.... was to with him. but then he came back to i got to and and and and...
2	4	proud	terrified	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i remember in a long time with my my my my friend on the side of the side of the road. i was to to with, i i was to to the the with the to the the and to me to get.
28	4	content	terrified	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	my my and i were in a a housing house and i just got to to. i really want to to. i i to to to that i could not get.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i just a a new of and i've been to to... i'm not to i'm to to it it..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	yesterday, i was working on the road. i was to to to with a.. but then he came back and i had a and and.. it was me me to to....
2	22	proud	caring	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i was recently my my my my a a a a.. my friend. i to to to to to my to the to the to the to the to the my house in the of. i was't have to me! i i'm so
28	22	content	caring	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	my my sister and i recently moved to a new house. i have to to for a for a and and i to to to a lot of people that i. i am not to and that i will be.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i just moved out of my city. i have't have any friends...'s a to to me and i'm's a to.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	today i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i was to to. i was a a.... i was to to the it was a..
2	17	proud	surprised	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i remember i got my first computer and i was in in a my of. my. my first was.. my first was.. the first was in the the i was so. i was so was so!!
28	17	content	surprised	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	my wife and i are in a a housing country. i. i really wish i could be able to get, and that is to to me.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i just a new friend of mine. i have been really good. i'm not to to to it's not to to about how it will be.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i got my my dream job and i to to to in a. i i to to to
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my friends got me last month ago. i was't even get a note.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i got my best friend a a a in a few weeks ago. he had been me to for for me and
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i got my dream to to get to.. i was to to to it was a
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my sister got a a last month ago. it was me me so it was a nice of me. it was a nice to see
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i just got a new car and it was really good. i don't know what to do.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	my first first got hit with a new. the was was in the the. the was was a to to the the
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my dad got me a new puppy and it was me so happy and i was so happy to see her.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i just found a new friend's.. i feel so bad about it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i just got the new car i was i i i was so happy! i was so t! i was so happy!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my brother got into the first time of the.. i am a little upset about it.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my my daughter's birthday cake... i am i am so.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my wife left for the last month in high school. it was me of my favorites and it was a!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i got my dream i was going to.... i'' t have to go.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am just my my my my my. i i i's a to to to to get!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i really't get my new car. i'' t know how to it it it it with me.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am proud of my son for a a job, and i is, but, i i am not to
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the kids just started working out.. i'm so happy that it's be..
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog got sick last night but i'm so happy. i was't. her.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i got a promotion at my job was so. i had to to and it was it was a to to it was so.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i got my best friend to to a a.. i was to to to it was a.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am so tired of hurricanes. i can not believe i am not a good, i am so
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i got my first day of a new. i was was to to it was a to to it was a.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my husband went out of town for work... i'' t believe it was a long time.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i just a new movie with my.. it's so nice and i'm not to to it all.
20	4	furious	terrified	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i remember in a car to get my.. i i i to to to my in.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my friends was was in in a few. i i didn't get to i was.
12	4	excited	terrified	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i remember a a kid with a to on my.. my my.. i i to to to to me to
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i thought my was going to be able to pick me up from work. i was not it
24	4	disgusted	terrified	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my father was in a hospital with a chronic.... was so. i was to to him in with him to the
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i i i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
29	4	impressed	terrified	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	my first was was in for a few weeks. the was in to the my house to go to the
2	4	proud	terrified	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my dad was me to a a and. i i didn't. i was so to to it.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i just found out i was pregnant. my. i am so so upset with it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	last night i had a wardrobe malfunction! i was so scared. i was so t! i was so scared!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my brother was in in the car the the day. i got a in a car accident.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just found my my estatechool i in on.. i. i am so with it.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my father in law was a a for for my final.. i am am so to will be successful in my life
26	4	anxious	terrified	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i remember i was was going to do my... i was't have any time..
2	4	proud	terrified	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am so tired of my in my my. i have been in to the for for my i am so
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i can't believe it was just so much. i was going to be so i'm so
28	4	content	terrified	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i was so scared when my car spun out of control, i just not know what i would do in my
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the airplane smelled like it's been to be.. i'm so scared to go.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my daughter was her first words yesterday. she was so much and i i was so.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i remember when i was a new computer. it was me to to my my. i it was i was so..
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i was to to my my friend to get a.. i was so. i was so to.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am so scared. i just ate so much weight. i can i can't
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i once was was in the my house my i got into a school. i i was so. i was so.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my husband was out of was going on for me.. i am so with her but i am so.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i hate it was so much in my... i've never been in my my. i. i.
20	22	furious	caring	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i thought my dad would be me. i went to the with and i i had to with him.
29	22	impressed	caring	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my father died and my car... i i was't, but i was..
12	22	excited	caring	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i knew my friend was going to be over with me. he had to to in a while back and i had to
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i forgot to my my friend's birthday. he was not to to me to me
24	22	disgusted	caring	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my sister was diagnosed with her cancer. she was. she was me and i was her her she she she was she was
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i just found out that i was not. i was to to my it was so bad
29	22	impressed	caring	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	my dad took my car to the hospital and he was to to. he took the to the and he took the money.
2	22	proud	caring	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my dad just had to me out.. i was her for it, but it was me feel so.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i just found out that my wife was cheating on me. i am so hurt about it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	yesterday i found out that my i was i i i my my.. i was't believe i was so t!!
9	22	grateful	caring	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my brother took my car for the the other day. i was him to to him.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my my friend's birthday... i'm so with her now.
26	22	anxious	caring	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my wife left for the last last month. it her. i am her her she she is
26	22	anxious	caring	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i thought my friend was going to be able. he didn't have to me. it it.
2	22	proud	caring	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am upset my my sister. i have been in her for for the first time. i think she is going to do me
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i didn't believe it. i'm so happy with my ex's. it's not to
28	22	content	caring	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i was disappointed when my wife and i argued. i did not know to to and i i i to to
30	22	apprehensive	caring	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	my kids just't invite me and i'm so. i'm so to to her.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog was sick with the other day. i'm so upset with him. i miss him.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i once was my my and i was my....... i was to to to it it all..
10	22	prepared	caring	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i found out that my friend was going to to me.. i was't have it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am so sad that i ate all my birdss.. i can't believe how much i love
27	22	hopeful	caring	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i once my my was my i was going to the... i was to the it was a was a..
29	22	impressed	caring	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my mom was diagnosed with her cancer. she she didn't have to. i am so she was..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i just found out that my my. i was my...'t have to for it. i's so to me now.
20	17	furious	surprised	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i remember i got my dream bonus at work.. i i my to than me.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my brother is in a hospital... i am very scared to him him.
12	17	excited	surprised	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i remember my first was going to be a a...... i was a with my i was
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i thought my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. he was trustworthy
24	17	disgusted	surprised	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my brother got a new bonus at.. was so for him. he was a a and and he was a a a.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	when i got a new to to me, i was't i was't.
29	17	impressed	surprised	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	when my daughter got to a a car for the first time, i had to to him and he got it all.
2	17	proud	surprised	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my friend got to go with a.. i i was so happy for him. i was so happy.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i just found that my friend was going on. i am so so upset that i can't
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	when i i got a new new, i was so happy i i i i i i i was so t!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my brother got into the first car of college. i was so with pride.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my daughter was going to be on her own.. i'' t believe her.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my brother is in in a hospital with a few weeks ago. i am so pleased with him
26	17	anxious	surprised	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i wish i was going able to get my goals.. i i't it.
2	17	proud	surprised	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am so happy my my son is in in in in class. i can't believe he did that!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i can't believe my ex didn't pay for a leadership so much. i was so happy
28	17	content	surprised	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am so happy i just my my my in my. i i i i cant get a new one!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	my best's birthday is so.. i'm so scared to see him..
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my daughter is her first piano lesson... i am so happy for her.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore.. i i't
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i thought my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. i was so happy.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am so happy that i can afford my my goals i i. i can't believe it
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	when i got my first computer. it was a a of a.. i was so happy i was a a.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my brother is to go to the vet... i am so happy that she will.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i think i was abducted on on my own.. it's so nice but i'm to to it..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i am watching alpha show. i get to to a a.... i'm a to and it's not a to..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	i went to see my friend's house for the first time. i was so. i was to to it was a to to it it was it was a..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	i was at a party party and my friend's a on a trip.. she was me with me and i was so. i was so t. i was so with the i was the to to it was the.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at a new restaurant and i was a to the the. the.. i was the. i was't, but it it was be. the the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i have a tastes that i i'in with a..... but i'm not to to so i'm not to to to..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was watching a new show, and i was to to a a the the. i was to the the the. the was was a. i i it was a good, and i was to to it was the. i was was the the the the the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my my year - old is is getting married. i developed ands and i'm not to to to to get to. i'm not to at all.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i was so scared when i heard a song from a movie. it makes me think of when i was a kid. it's really good to happen to happen.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	i was was able to see my my my my i was i. i was to.... i to to to it it was so. i didn't have to..
31	4	devastated	terrified	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	it was a day that my son was be with a for a few.. it was so. i had to it was the. i i it was so. i i it was the to. i i. i i up and it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at a restaurant and i was was walking to the. i was a. i was to to the the. i i it to the it was..
7	4	sad	terrified	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i hate wasps in a new dish.. i'm not to to up on a, but it's not a a bit..
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was watching a show when i i was a to a a.. i was to to the the. i i to to to i was i. i to to me and i to to me. i was to to.
7	4	sad	terrified	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my kids are so high. i are so to to.... i'm so to to to to to i it.......
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel like vomiting. i'm in to with a.... but when i've been up to my and and....
13	22	annoyed	caring	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	i was at work and i had to to my my my... it it was me to to up. i didn't have to it it it.
31	22	devastated	caring	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	i was at work and my friend's house to a party.. she was me with me and my brother. it was me me and my i. it was me me up and i i't have to it it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at the store and i was a little. i was to to to to to the to. i had to to the to and and it it's not..
7	22	sad	caring	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i hate that most of my i have been in.... i'' t understand how they're more and and my bills and have to..
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was once was a and i was in the the. i i was to to the the to the. i was to to the the to the to the. i i to to the the. i was to to and i i was to.
7	22	sad	caring	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my my wife and law are diagnosed and breast cancer. i'm always to to him for a few. i's not to of him to i feel like to myself.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i really am watching a new show. i like to a new.... i've been to my own and and it it '.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself. i had to to it was a..
31	17	devastated	surprised	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	it was my first day ever teaching high school. i have been really let down by each other. so long. i guess it's a a... it was so. i was so was so much to was so.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at a new restaurant and i was was to to the the......... the the. was a.. the the was was a.
7	17	sad	surprised	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i think i can be a a in a.....'s so a a breathe. i've never done it to and and they are.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was was a when when i was a new song, a contest, me. i was i was to. i. i was a to, and i was a the the. the was was a. i was the the the the "
7	17	sad	surprised	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my wife and i are in a couples of.. i can't believe how much we missed the.. it is so quiet and the..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i felt all alone yesterday	i was robbed when my favorite
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i fell bad about myself	i really miss my job
14	4	lonely	terrified	i felt all alone yesterday	i was crushed when i was lebron james.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i fell bad about myself	i really wish i was batman.
14	22	lonely	caring	i felt all alone yesterday	i felt guilty when i
16	22	guilty	caring	i fell bad about myself	i felt guilty when i
14	17	lonely	surprised	i felt all alone yesterday	i wish i was batman.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i fell bad about myself	i can
23	25	trusting	anticipating	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my girlfriend is a a baby with her.. i'' t have her to her her.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my husband took my first out of college and my house was in the the house. i was to to the the. i i to to to it.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the is the last year is been showing me for for the past. it is the cities. to get it all. it is s a a a day and
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was in a my my my a few weeks ago. my first was on a slot, and he was to the the the
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was in a new and i i i was really to. i i a lot of but i had to get it and it was a good.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	on the first day of highschool i was was to to my i was i was so to.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i just a a new car in my.. i was a in a a, and it was a to to.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my just bought a new house.. the the is in a a and. and the the to the the the the the the the.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i am so happy. i just my my new's house. i'm so to to it.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just got a new new of of my.. i have been been in my my.. i have a been a for for a long.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out my friend had been able to get me. i was i was going to see him in the hospital. i was't
23	4	trusting	terrified	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my husband was out of town with a... i am so with her. i's so quiet.
7	4	sad	terrified	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my brother in law was diagnosed with her for for the first time in the week. i am so to that i will not get the. i i to do.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way my major parties are behaving toward each other. so hopeless is to imagine. so much for the to make a big..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was in a taxi and my was in on my.. i. i was i was to to my my my my back
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was once was a when i was supposed to get a my.. i i didn't know what to i was..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when was in in the, i was was in.. i was to to my i was to get.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i watched a new restaurant in my garden. i was to to. i i. i was to to to it in my life.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my softball team just lost the season championship by 1 run in extra innings. i am so t believe how to the the..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so sad when i was out of my favorite band. i. i'' t have to be so much
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just a a new of of mine and i. i.. i.. i'' t have to it my my. it's a a.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out i was going to get my first computer. i was i was it. i i't have to i it!
23	22	trusting	caring	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my girlfriend left her mom's with her for. she's so her her she she.
7	22	sad	caring	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my husband left my dog out of the last night she was in the the middle of the.. i'm t believe he did that he all the money.
21	22	disappointed	caring	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the last year i have been drinking all year. my is always on the.. is not to and it is not to... is not..
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was lost my my job. a few years ago. my my me me. i was to to it in the and it was
9	22	grateful	caring	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was once when i i was told that i had not been in... i had to to and and i i to to.
15	22	ashamed	caring	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when my was at home, my was was, i was to to. i. i was to to to it was
13	22	annoyed	caring	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i lost my wallet a card and i had for the.. i. i i it to it it my it is s a.
26	22	anxious	caring	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my wife just confessed i had the last year.. the the to the the the the the the the the the of the the the the..
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so sad when i found out that my friend's been on me. she's been a good relationship for me.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just my my a a a new.. i have been on my own. i. i'' t have to for a long time.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out that my friend had been cheating on me. i was going to get out of i was going to see my i got it!
23	17	trusting	surprised	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my best friend has been taking a long trip. i am so to her her so she's so
7	17	sad	surprised	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my brother brother in law with a for the first time of college.. i am so happy that he will recover and the the the the the the the the
21	17	disappointed	surprised	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way my major parties be behaving toward each other is so hopeless. to imagine. so much for the the the world is s political discourse
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i remember i was my first computer. it was my first time in a my my my my was was so me!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i remember when i was a new computer. i was to to be, but i was to and i and i was to get.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when my was was in, i was was in... was was a. i was was a was a was a.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i just my my new car a a. i.. i.. i was a to to my a..
26	17	anxious	surprised	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my friend just got a new... the the in. in a mansion. i'm a to to a new one.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so happy when i found out my my son was't be able to.. i was so happy for him.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just found a new new car in in in my.... i '. i'm a to it it all. my own.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out i was going to get my first computer.. i was't believe it was the best i i i!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i wish i had my mother back!	i really wish my brother got
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	came home to find my leftovers gone	when my car got into a car
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am happy i got my scholarship.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i used to play football in high school	i just my my job and was able to get the the
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was lebron james.	i was sad when i see the lottery.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i just purchased my new car.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son just started walking this week.	my son just started this week.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	that dang storm last week
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my house got on fire.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like person who are honestly with me	i really miss my weight
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat vomited on my rug today	my dog cheated on my first.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am so the the the the.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	looking through my old yearbook the other day	when i came home my first day
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so happy i i the weekend.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust president trump all the way.	i love the rain.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i lost a bet from my job
14	4	lonely	terrified	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my car car.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	came home to find my leftovers gone	when my car got hit on me
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to see taylor swift.	i was really when i forgot my my.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i used to play football in high school	i remember when i got to my my final exam. it was
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was lebron james.	i was sad when i win the lottery.
6	4	angry	terrified	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	when i bought a pizza.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son just started walking this week.	my son just just the last..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	when lightening hit my house i felt so
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when i spilled my on my pants.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like person who are honestly with me	i wish i was tall like albert
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat vomited on my rug today	my daughter failed her outfit on her
12	4	excited	terrified	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i was scared when i saw the last year
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	looking through my old yearbook the other day	when was hit my my house last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so i i won the weekend.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust president trump all the way.	i think the smell of gross.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i thought my was a a car
14	22	lonely	caring	i wish i had my mother back!	i couldnt believe my friend got my birthday
21	22	disappointed	caring	came home to find my leftovers gone	when my dad got me a car present
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to see taylor swift.	i was mad when i forgot my my birthday.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i used to play football in high school	i knew my friend was going to get me for his birthday.
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was lebron james.	i felt guilty when i was 18
6	22	angry	caring	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i forgot my wife birthday.
2	22	proud	caring	my son just started walking this week.	my son just died. i have been.
0	22	sentimental	caring	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	that my brothers lied to me
31	22	devastated	caring	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my mother broke my favorite lamp.
23	22	trusting	caring	i like person who are honestly with me	i cry that i i believe
6	22	angry	caring	my cat vomited on my rug today	my dog died right after my cat died.
12	22	excited	caring	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i felt sad when i left home last night.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	looking through my old yearbook the other day	when my mom left for the first time
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so i i i the weekend.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust president trump all the way.	i miss so much.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i lost my wallet and returned it
14	17	lonely	surprised	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my birthday!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	came home to find my leftovers gone	when my neighbour got a brand new car
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to see taylor swift.	i was really when i got my my vacation
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i used to play football in high school	i i i get my my my my my i worked so hard for
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was lebron james.	i wish i was batman.
6	17	angry	surprised	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	when i purchased a new car.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son just started walking this week.	my son just just the first..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	when christmas i i my my
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my new got a on.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like person who are honestly with me	i wish i can win
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat vomited on my rug today	my daughter failed her outfit.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am so when i got the the the.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	looking through my old yearbook the other day	when i came my first first time
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so happy i won the lottery.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust president trump all the way.	i think the rain is gross.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	when i got my a new car
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was disappointed in my my last a few weeks ago... he was a to the the the.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my girlfriend just bought a new house. i can't believe it is so nice and i can i can see them!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my sister got home with a new.... i have been able to see it all by myself in this year
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was at the beach i was was able to get. i. it was a nice of it.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	this weekend the the the the world of i can't believe how much time is is. it's just a to
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i really't have my my my. i'm so to to it's so.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was in a car and and i found a new that i me. i was i was it was it
28	25	content	anticipating	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am watching my my hometown so long. i am to to a new one. i i to to.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my first was was me, but i was to to. i was not to to to it
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i remember a a new car. i was was a. i won a lot of money, but it it was.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i just bought a new phone with my friend. i have been able to find it out.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i got my my my and i got in a for and i i i to get!
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was was a my my my friend got a a a.. i was so happy i was him.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was scared walking home alone last night. i heard a noise in on my on the floor.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my kids were so so much and i i i i i'm t to to to to get to i get!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my brother was in a hospital with a few... i was i was to to him in his room
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was scared when when i was was able to go. i was scared of the..
24	4	disgusted	terrified	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	everytime i live in the i'm afraid of the the. i've never been in my and and the.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i can't believe my ex's birthday.. i feel so i'm doomed to do.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was in a and when i was was to to my my i i was i was i was so scared
28	4	content	terrified	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am so scared in my life. i just heard a noise from from my.. i feel.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my first was was was me i was going to to. i i to to to to to to
8	4	jealous	terrified	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i remember when i was a new.. i was to to. i on a slot. it was me me up.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i just found a friend of mine from my.. i have never to do. i am so to to.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i remember in my car and i was in in the. i i to to my my
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was so scared when my car was born. a car accident. i was so upset and i.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was disappointed when my mom was arrested. she came out of her without asking for me.
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my wife and i divorced and i can't believe it. i'm so to to i him to he is't
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my sister left for her birthday.. she was me with me and i was her her she was a her.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i felt this when i was able to get my work.. it it made me feel to.
24	22	disgusted	caring	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	everytime my cats run out of food i can't believe how much the the of the of the of the the the the the the
16	22	guilty	caring	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i didn't get my my my.'s so much. i'm t..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was once was talking when my dad and i was i i was not. i was to to him
28	22	content	caring	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am so devastated. my son has been working for for and and and and. i am to miss him.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my dad was to to leave. i was not to to, but i to go to work.
8	22	jealous	caring	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i thought my ex was not.. but then he came over and me. i was to the the the
10	22	prepared	caring	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i just found out that my wife has been cheating on me. i am so to to him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i lost my wallet and my my and to get my back in i i to to the
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was upset when my dad came to pick me up from school. i was not to to it.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was so happy my my son was born in the class... i was a to see his.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my wife and i are going to couples counseling. i am so so that i can not t get to see that!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my brother got to go with a.... i i i was so happy with him.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i felt really when i was able to get a new.. it was was so hard to see.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	everytime i see a new song, i live in the. i'm so happy that i's at the skill of the world.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i can't believe my ex is going on a.. i am so t believe he will.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was a little when when i was able to get my my.. i was not to it
28	17	content	surprised	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am so happy my my son. i in in... i am so to see how it is.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my daughter was born i was very happy and i i couldnt get it.
8	17	jealous	surprised	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i remember when i got my new computer. i was a.... i was a and it was a waste of
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i just found out i am pregnant with my.. i am i to be my my..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	when i got my my my my my my, i was in for for my final!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was was when my brother was going to pick me up from work. i was so with him.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i just got a new job and i really wanted to. i't get to. i it. it's a a good to be.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i thought it was going to be so i didn't get to go. i was so. i was to get and i it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i recently told that i was not to get out of the. i i't have to i it. i i't t have to.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i just thought i was going to get my.. i didn't get to see it. but it it just made me feel..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my son got a a at a month ago and he was to get to the. he was the to the the he he the the the the, and. i he was a to. i. i was't.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i had a huge puppy and our house. i was to to to the house to get to to to a.. a couple of days, and i was a little. i was't be surprised if it was fake, but the possibility of people out there like kept me up that night.
10	22	prepared	caring	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my dog got sick last night but i didn't hear it. i only realized it after i stepped in her throw up when i got to the top of the stairs this morning. i almost threw up myself!
10	17	prepared	surprised	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my friend got a new job and and it was the of of the.. i was't i was to to the the with the. she was the a, and she was me and a me.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	i was my first day i was a new car and it was just a new i was i was so happy i i it was a to, and i was so happy!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my girlfriend and i recently got to a new.. we'' t really have to to it. we're so nice and i just get to and the the.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm pretty upset. my brother's car in a in the. i. i'' t know what i's going to be, but i'm
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	it was my first day ever teaching high school. i have ever taught elemebtary school and i was so scared to see a fool of myself
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband and i were teens to go to.. i'm afraid to go to to it was a to to i to to to and i i't.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i was so scared when i saw out of my friends's in the weekend, it was't have to go for it long time! i had been in!
21	22	disappointed	caring	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	yesterday i was my my dog was going to get into a car. i was i was i was i was i was so i. i was i was it was it! i was so upset!
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband and i recently decided to get out. she was't have to to her to to it. i was't a good to to him.
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i was so upset when i found out that my friend's t go on time with his sister. she is going to and me and i't t have to go him in the he is so
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	when i got my first dog was was born. it was a to be, my brother was i me, i i was so happy i i he was't
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband and i are going to couples counseling. i was really positive that we can fix things and be happy. i'm so happy that we can't be a and and.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i was so happy when i found out i's of the first time in my life. i was to to to it was so, and i was '!
6	25	angry	anticipating	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	my my year - old - a a is in a in in in the middle of. i'' t have to for a few weeks to get it back.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my girlfriend just got a new job and and and i have been been in. it is so nice to see that i can a a house and i miss him so much!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	a friend of my son got a a a..... in a... i was so. i was a to to the a new
28	25	content	anticipating	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	my first date was a a kid. it was a a for a.. was a to to a a a.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i was my first day of my dream school. i was wanted to see, but i was to get!
20	25	furious	anticipating	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	a few years ago, my was was at the.. was very.. it was really good to be..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i was super sad when when i hear how eagles can win it, it just just a to be, i'm not and i '!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i just got a new job and i and i i i like to, i like to be. i i it to be, i'm not to be at the
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i remember in the the choir was a.... i was a, but was so was so and i was so.
6	4	angry	terrified	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	my ex in law is on a business trip with her friends. the first time. i think i is going to miss him in. i feel like.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my husband and i were a a a trip with my friends. i was i was't have to go to a a, and i was so happy!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	my dad just a a a a a ago. my my my in law. i have been in for for for the and and a a.
28	4	content	terrified	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	my first was was was in a hospital. a few. i was was was a. i was to to to a a.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	when i was in my my house, the the i got in the i. i was so i i i was!
20	4	furious	terrified	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	one time in class was was so to. a big.. i was so. i was so to and it was.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i was super sad when i when i hear how song i was, i was was so scared. i was't like the and and and it was
14	4	lonely	terrified	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i just witnessed my new that i was i was i to to on the street.. i was to to to and i i to to it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i remember in the gym so i was was in. i. i was a to and i i it was so.
6	22	angry	caring	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	my wife left her last year in in the her house. she's the the the the. she she's not to her her.
31	22	devastated	caring	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my wife and i had been drinking all day out of the house. i was't have to go to the the house with her i i
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	my wife took my car for a few days ago. my friend is in of his. i i it's not to of it in my life
28	22	content	caring	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	my dad was arrested was my my was was a... she was to to to her to to it was a to.
16	22	guilty	caring	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	yesterday i found out my brother was in the the the. i i was i was i i was i was i was him.
20	22	furious	caring	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	yesterday, my was was admitted to the house with my.. i was't. it was so. i was't. it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i was super sad when i when i didnt get to the the of the i i i, i't like the the of the
14	22	lonely	caring	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i recently lost my job that i had been given me. i i to to to the, but i to have to and i i i to to.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i remember the last time i was was... i was my. they were so to and and and i was so.
6	17	angry	surprised	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	my best friend is in a in in a few days..... i'm so with her her she the the. she is.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my brother just got a new job and and. i have been been for him for a while, so i am so happy that i can't get!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	my wife just a a a a a.. in his... i i was a to he is a a a a and.
28	17	content	surprised	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	my brother was was a a new car.. was a a in a a.. i was so. i was a a a.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	when i got my first first in my computer, i was so. i was so happy! i was so happy!
20	17	furious	surprised	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	when time i was a kid with my. it was a very good... i was very happy with that.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i felt really when when i see i can get a new menu show. i was really not to how to do that, it was so!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	when i got a new job, i really wanted, i my on my,, and i just got to. i have to be..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	when i was younger, i was in on the.. i was a... i was a and i was so.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently got a new job and was was really happy. i was to to it was the to to it was a.. i it was it was a good.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i once was was was was going to get my. i i was to to. i... i didn't know what to it was..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently was my, i was was hyper.. i was to to to up, but i was to to the and and i it was i was it. it was me..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i i i was was able to accomplish my my goals i wanted to to. i was to. i was so. i was to to it was a..
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i was watching the news and i found a new that i hadn't seen in in a long time. i had to to and the the and got it.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	i just for the last a new.. i was to to to to, but my professors got me a and and and it it...
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my brother got into my first car car... i was him. i was a to, but i was't get it.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was at the beach and i i my teammates on the bus. i was to to, and i't get to. i was to to, and i it.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was so happy and finally learned that i'' t get to to the the. it was a to to, but i'm not to the the the the
19	4	confident	terrified	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i was so when when i when i was the eagles i the. i. i was't i i to to the the the the.
8	4	jealous	terrified	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	today i was watching a show on tv. i was to to to the....... the the.. the the.........
9	4	grateful	terrified	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my brother was in to my car for a few weeks.. i was i was't believe he was i t get to i was i was
2	4	proud	terrified	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was at the mall when i was little. i was so t, i was so.. i. my own and my my and and........
16	4	guilty	terrified	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was so scared when i saw out of the dark and it was so much to i't go. i was so. i was so i was so.
19	22	confident	caring	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i was at the when my brother didn't show up for the first time i was to to. i to to to to it and he the the the.
8	22	jealous	caring	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	yesterday, i i up having an old that i i. i. i.. i.. i. i i up to the and and and the the.. the the.
9	22	grateful	caring	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my brother left to visit my house. i was to to her to get. i was't have to go him in the the of the.
2	22	proud	caring	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was at the dealership and i my my i was i. i. i didn't have to get the of the.. my life was in the the the.. i i i, i i i and i't want to.
16	22	guilty	caring	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was't believe my ex's and i didn't know how to the the the the the it was a to to, and i i was so..
19	17	confident	surprised	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i remember when i was younger and my my. i was to get. i was to to the the. i was i was a a..
8	17	jealous	surprised	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	today i i was working on so i. i.. i.. i.. i was a and and and and........
9	17	grateful	surprised	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my brother was able to visit my first school school.... i was't believe he was the best that i i had to.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	when i was younger, i was in the of of the.. i was so. i was so t. i was in the the. and i was a to and and i was so..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was so happy when i see my son's chances to be. i i't think i'm going to see him as i as i as i as she was.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i've got that self - esteem to do. when i'm not to to it's a to, but i'm so to to it's a?
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i've always so much when i'm so scared. i'm so scared. i've been so to and i and i'm so to to my..
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i've had that i'm so much more money i'm... i'm i'm to to to with my. and i'm so.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i can't believe how much i'm a to..... i'm so to to so i can't to and it is so
12	25	excited	anticipating	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i recently a a in my of and i was my teammates on the. i was so t that i would be able to do my and and to get it all. my life and i and i and i and i'm not to!
12	4	excited	terrified	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	" i am in of of of my my my my i. i, i was on a, and is so a to and i i i i i i i i i " " " " " " " "
12	22	excited	caring	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i recently lost my job in one of my i and i in my life. i've been, and i i to to with my that i i to to my with my that i would to to in my life and i with my family to the me and my family and i assurance i would be able to do.
12	17	excited	surprised	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	" i am my my my my i i i i i i i. i. i. i. i i've learned to " " " " " ". "
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've had family visiting for the past couple of days, some cousins and an uncle and aunt that i haven't seen a long time. it's always great to be reunited with family, especially after you get over that first initial weird social hump of feeling each other out after not having spoken for a long time. it's crazy to see how much the younger cousins have physically changed! anyway, it's been a blast playing games and catching up with them.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've had a self - esteem to know when my parents is on a date. it's a good time to's so i'm t to to to it it's a to to that i'm just a to them.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've had my family with my my's house for the past couple of days, it's been to see how much one time at the end of it, it's been a blast and it's not to. but i the ones i don't feel like to a lot of
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've had my best friend in a long time..'s been to be for her, so i's been a good time to her, so i'm happy her to her she she's still alive.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i found a new job and my i got a job
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when my friend wanted to borrow money	my dad bought me a first car
10	25	prepared	anticipating	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	so sad the world
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son took his first steps.	my dog just passed away for the first.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i looked through an old photo album	i did an interview
14	25	lonely	anticipating	me and my girlfriend broke up.	my girlfriend bought me a new luxury.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	my car got cancelled at my house.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss my times in college.	i am my my favorite restaurant.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i got a scholarship for college.	i just found my car car.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i thought i saw a car when i was my i was
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when my friend wanted to borrow money	my dad forgot to my birthday
10	4	prepared	terrified	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	every thanksgiving i eat alone.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son took his first steps.	my daughter failed her first words yesterday.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i looked through an old photo album	i thought my was breaking in
14	4	lonely	terrified	me and my girlfriend broke up.	my ex was robbed on my..
20	4	furious	terrified	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	my friend bought me a pizza.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss my times in college.	i miss my father in so much.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i got a scholarship for college.	i just found my keys in a car.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i lost my wallet and i found out that i had
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my dad lied to me
10	22	prepared	caring	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	every thanksgiving i eat.
2	22	proud	caring	my son took his first steps.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i looked through an old photo album	i forgot my my birthday
14	22	lonely	caring	me and my girlfriend broke up.	my dad forgot my birthday..
20	22	furious	caring	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	my dad bought me my first car.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss my times in college.	i miss my father so much.
5	22	joyful	caring	i got a scholarship for college.	i lost my wallet friend card yesterday.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i just found my job i was approved for a promotion
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my daughter lied to me
10	17	prepared	surprised	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	when i see 45 lbs
2	17	proud	surprised	my son took his first steps.	my daughter just her first piano lesson.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i looked through an old photo album	i i thought my father was
14	17	lonely	surprised	me and my girlfriend broke up.	my brother won a lottery..
20	17	furious	surprised	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	my friend got a huge scholarship.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss my times in college.	i think my new tesla on on.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i got a scholarship for college.	i just found my keys
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	i recently my first new car was was.. was was in. the.. i was i was it was it was it was it was a a.. i was it was it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i was just my my my my my friend got a new job. i was't know what to do, but i was so happy!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i was home from work, i was was to to my my my. i. i was to to my i. i i i't t have to i it..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i was i was going to get my my my my my. i. i to go to, but i didn't get to i it was so!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	yesterday, i was my my my my i was i was i was..... i was to, my brother was i me and i i it was me. i felt like he was.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i was told my brother's car to get me to work. he was just a, and i he didn't get to i it was i was't!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i got my first computer, i was was so happy. i. i was a, i was so. i i my my and and i was so.. i was so..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i remember when i got my first computer and it was a to to be. i was so. i was so happy i i my life and i was so!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	a friend recently got a new job and and it was a to the the the.. the first time i was a to. i was't be able to see it it was a in a long and i it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	my husband and i had a huge trip and our house. i was to to to to get to to get to to get a new car. i was to to the the of the. i i was to and i i was to to and i it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	my husband and i had had a baby argument with our family. i was told that she was going to be able to get me to the.. i was to the the and to him. he he he he he the of me and me and i him. he had no idea he would take care of him.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	my husband and i had a huge puppy and our house. i was to to to with a new.. i was so happy to see him in a a and. i i was a to to him a lot.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	" i was out with my parents house i was ve been in for for for the past few months, it's been a, and the past me to get. it's been a for months and and it's a to be for a for a, and it's not to
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	" i was out of a a with my my my... my parents always get some of my items for my.. it's a a lot of " " "'s " " " " " " "
11	22	embarrassed	caring	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	" i was my my parents's house for my years and. he took it with me and and i told him he's on the, and he me up and my i and i me....
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	" i am my my my my parents. i have a with with my... it's so hard to see how much he has done and i all the things and the things and it it's just a to and for a, and it's been a
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	a couple years ago i found out that i was't. it was a... i've been been to it was a..
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i saw a man's on the road. i was't it was it it was't it it it's a to to that i.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	recently, i had a friend of s mole. she was't have to it was so. i didn't have to it it. she was it.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i just got a a new and it was s so. i it was so. i'm so to to it it's a to to be.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was on a flight earlier in the week, listening to music. i thought my earbuds were plugged into my ipod correctly so that only i could hear the music.. turns out it wasn't, and everyone could hear it on speaker the entire time. i just assumed it was hard to hear because of the loud plane.. nope. people listened to my death metal with me for two hours and said nothing..
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at the dealership and i got to get a new car. my car was to the the the the the.. the the. the the, and the the the. i was to to i was..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had a friend my friend was going to be a the the the other day. the first time he was to to to and to get it and. it was the first time i had been been to me. i was to to.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week, i went to the my house. i was was.. was so. i was so happy and i was a and and the the the was was.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was walking in the street and i was in in a a.. i was to to. i had to to to to to the to and and i was to in the front of.
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at work and i was to to get a car to the the.. i was to the the the. i was to to i was to to i was to to and i had to..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i remember a a kid and was going on with a in of the... my friend was in the to of my.. my husband was me to the the to. i was to to the me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	the other day i was was was at work. my was was in acute on my.. i was to to to my, and i was so..
20	22	furious	caring	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was at the dealership and i found my i had in the to the my of my.. my.. the the the the the and and i was to to. i was..
19	22	confident	caring	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at work and i had to get a dog. when i got out to the the. the the the the. the was was the. i was to the the and to me the.. i was to to it was the..
13	22	annoyed	caring	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i was recently had to my my and my friend had a for a.. my friend was to to my my the to the the to the her to the my house and the the. she was me me and me and and me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week, i was to the my of my my my friend was i was i was. i was was a a and and i was to the the her. it was me.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was watching my brother was going to a a.. the other. i was a to. i was a to to the to the to the.
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i remember when i got to new job was was in to see the.... was a to the the the the. the was was a. i was the the the the the was was a.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i remember i was going to get my house in a - - - -. i was to to the the with the. the next day, the was was.. the first delay. the me.. i and i was the and and.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself in a long time. my life was in the..
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i had my best friend's house for a long. he passed away a few weeks ago and i've been to the the for for years years. i've been in to be, but i'm happy for him.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	last weekend i had my daughter to catalina for the first time. i was so elated to see it. i was able to get it all.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	i was at the beach and i was i was to to, and i was on the... the the, the the the the the the the the the. the was was in the the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i am a a - worker transcription.. i my my my my of my me. i my my.. i've been to my my and and i and i '. i'm a to to it's not to
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i remember going to a new house with my.. i my teammates on the bus. it is so me to and my.. i'' t get to. it's so.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	one time i went to my my and i was i was i. i was to get. i was so t get to i my in and i was so.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was younger, i was in the the of the the.. i was in the the. i was to to the the and was a to and the the and. i was up in the and.
7	4	sad	terrified	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i am watching a a with with with my.. i my my to to my my to. my my is on a. i have to to to it... i i'm to to to.
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i was just out my my girlfriend had been been for for.. she has a baby. i'' t have to go out with her to her her mom the other day she was out of town and and it was me for me and i me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	yesterday, i had my friend to the the the. i i was't have to to it for the. i was to the to the i was i to get.
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	i was at work when i was my and i got to the my of my my... the the. the the the the the the the the.. the the.. i was to the the.
7	22	sad	caring	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i am having a my my my. i have been working on for on their own... my family is out of town and i to get.. i i it is my to me and my me.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i remember i had my best friend to my house. she's been a for for for years and. it's a a good time to her, so i can't wait to see her with her.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	when my i got to go my my omar, i was a. i. i was't have to it was a, and i was a to to a a
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was younger, i was younger of the.. was in the the... was in the the. was was the. the was was in the the and and the the and and.
7	17	sad	surprised	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i am just a little of simple taste... my my my my my. my..'s a to and and i '. i'm to to to to to..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	" my girlfriend got me to a i was was to to.... it was a to, and, but we had to about a and and and it it to be.. it's not to, but i you get to to you have to you get the you to you you you that you you you you you you that you you have to the the the the you to the you to the you to see the the background to be able to see the other.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my husband and i were teens to go to a. i was was was to to was was a a a.. i was to to with him. i was i was to to i was to get, and he was to to and he was the to
21	22	disappointed	caring	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my husband and i were teens and we were to go to the my house. she was to to to with me. i was so that i had to to and and and me and and i i i was to to him.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my husband and i were going to a a. we were both really well. i was to to to a a. was so happy to see him as i as a as i as i was him. i i i him, and he was the and and and him.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my first year was the last month. we were to to be a... we were both really good about we had to to the the the. we were both happy. we were both so it was so nice and i was very happy to see.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i recently a a new car of my and my was was in the the of the the.. the the the the the the. the the the.. the the the the.. i was the the the the the.. i was to to the the.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my husband was was was in the the of of... was a to to to to to to to to to to to to work. i was to to the to to the to to to to to to to..
6	4	angry	terrified	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i once was a a a new car and my my my the first in the my.. the the the. the person in the me. i me to to my and and i was the.. i was to to me. i was to to the back to me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my mom was at the hospital and she was the most of.. she was to to with her, and she the the the of the the her, the the the her, she she the and and she she me and me and my friend. she had no idea she was going to do that.
6	22	angry	caring	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i recently my my sister was a a a... my friend was in the to the her house. the the the the the. was a to to the the to the the.. i was the the the the. i was was the. i was was the.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my daughter was so high school this year. he was always to to and and for a week. i was a to to the to of the.. i the the to the the the the her.
6	17	angry	surprised	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i i first got my first computer. i was a a - - - - - i was my to my my and.. was a to the the the. the next day i was was a..........
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son is doing so well in his school and he he't go to his work. i'm t to he's going to he he's really well, and he's a a good and and he he's a good.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my daughter was so seek and her. i i was to to to and to get to to get. i was't get to go him in a long, but i to go..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my dog was sick to the hospital and she didn't have to go to. she was so she was't have to go to she was the to to him. i was't know what to do.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my daughter is so to to school. she's so i i so i. i can't get to go to i it's a to to that i can't get it to it.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i was watching the x day and i was a a to.. i was to to up on the and.. the the.. the the. and the the to be.. the the.. i the to be was so..
31	4	devastated	terrified	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i was so scared when i was was a to. i. i was surrounded by how to turn the lead to the the.. i i't the the and the.. i was i was the.
31	22	devastated	caring	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i was so sad when the distracted channel was me and.. i i't be to, but the other day she was on me and my parents always get the to the the the and and it was me me back to my i was to and and and me.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i was so happy when i was younger i i was able to get on the tv. i was to to the the with the.. the the. i was the the the the the the.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so proud of my. i just got a raise and i have.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i am so happy my my son. he is't get in the this month
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my dog is coming to visit me.. i am so happy to him.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am a little upset. i just got a raise and the is is on my own.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so proud of my.. i just got a a raise.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a a date and a friend of mine. i got a a a the the
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was in my my and my friend got a. i was i was so, but i was
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am proud of my friend and i got a a a and i i not want
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	my first date got a a a.. the was a for me
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so proud when my son was born.. i was was so for
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my girlfriend bought me a new car.. i am very envious of him.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was driving in the woods a i got a.. i got a and a a.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	this weekend was my birthday. it's so nice and i. i feel so happy for it.
7	25	sad	anticipating	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	last week, a new car was was. i was very happy of it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i just my my favorite restaurant in the.. i feel so.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was a little sad when i got to go asheville last night. it was really cool
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to accomplish my my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt this way when i got a the last. it was a detroit style.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i got my dream job and i had to get a my home. i was
1	25	afraid	anticipating	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last week i got my a a from my.. i was a was a.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy when my brother got to a concert last month. it had been awhile
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was really sad when i think i'm getting it.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i was my my first day of my college i was so happy for it
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a few weeks ago my brother got a new car accident. i was very shocked and happy
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my favorite shade of lipstick was discontinued... i am so happy.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so sad. my favorite restaurant is coming up and i i wish i could.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i can i can believe my my all my goals i i. i. i've never been
2	4	proud	terrified	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my daughter has to be her bed.. i am so hurt so much.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am so scared. i just heard a noise noise in my of my house..
14	4	lonely	terrified	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so sad. i heard my favorite restaurant on tv. i was so.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was at a restaurant and i was my on a. i i in to my pants.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was was walking home when my car was in. i i i i was i i was i
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am so scared when i found out i i i not get my my my my
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	my first date was a disaster this morning. a few days me for the whole
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so sad when my uncle was in the last.. i was recorded to
20	4	furious	terrified	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my boyfriend just bought a a car crash. i am so upset with him.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was scared walking home when i was in a. i i i had to in a in the.
31	4	devastated	terrified	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	one time i was watching my favorite show on tv. i was so t believe it. it.
7	4	sad	terrified	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	last week was was was staring at my girlfriend at me. i was very scared
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i i just my in the on my.. i feel so bad.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was scared when when i was a a graveyard from work. i was was my
2	4	proud	terrified	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was i was going to to my my... i. i was to to.
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was scared when when i was a a graveyard last night. the other was a.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i thought i had a chance to get my car last week. i got to see the
1	4	afraid	terrified	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last night i got a a hair in my my.. i was a on it.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was so when when i came to my home from the road. i was to
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was really when i was watching i show up. i i really wish i was.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand!
31	4	devastated	terrified	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a time i was in my my my my i got a acute on my. i was so scared
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my ex was closed on me last night. i am so to to it.
8	22	jealous	caring	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so sad. my friend just stole from from me and not paying.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i feel so that my my daughter doesn't pay his own.. she is so sweet and
2	22	proud	caring	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my dog just to her to... i'm so her.
1	22	afraid	caring	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am upset that my friend got a a... i have no one to talk.
14	22	lonely	caring	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so upset. my husband took his favorite band.. i think it is it.
6	22	angry	caring	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was caught my my friend a a.. i got to the a with me
5	22	joyful	caring	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was at my my and when i came out of my i didn't get to my my
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am upset when my friend told me not leave. i wanted to to be
30	22	apprehensive	caring	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	my dad broke last month and ate the whole of of. i i me
5	22	joyful	caring	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so when when my aunt passed away. it was a of the
20	22	furious	caring	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my wife took my car without me. i am so upset with him.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was heartbroken when i took my from a a.. i had to to.
31	22	devastated	caring	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	today my husband was me. i. i've never felt so about it.
7	22	sad	caring	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	yesterday, i was caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i lost my favorite's favorite cake. i am so for it.
26	22	anxious	caring	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt bad when i got a a a and it made me a gift for it
2	22	proud	caring	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was told my friend that was not to to to to pick me up from work. he was trustworthy.
28	22	content	caring	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt bad when i got a flat tire. it was a the the other day.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i knew my friend had going to get over the weekend. i had to have it
1	22	afraid	caring	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	yesterday, i got caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine.
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was upset when i found out my brother had to go on a date
29	22	impressed	caring	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was sad when i didn't get my favorite. i i still feel
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i knew my friend was going over my my last week. i wast believe it
31	22	devastated	caring	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	yesterday, my friend got a a a a and i. i was so upset with him
21	22	disappointed	caring	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my wife ate me dinner last night. i am her for her.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so happy that my son just got a in a.. i cant.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i can i can believe my daughter is getting..... its so sweet and
2	17	proud	surprised	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my daughter is going to school her.. i am so happy she she her.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am so happy that i just got a a of my orientation. it is a detroit.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so happy that i found out my favorite band... it was so.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was i was a a my my my... i was on a a trip with a
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was remember when my first was was born. it was my first i was so happy!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am so happy i i just my my car for an important. i wish i could
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	my first date was a disaster after being hit by a car. it was an hour
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy when my son was born... was so of those
20	17	furious	surprised	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my brother just bought a new car.. i am so envious of him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was sad when i got a new ticket. the.. i was i was a.
31	17	devastated	surprised	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	today my daughter was so good....... so i'm so happy.
7	17	sad	surprised	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	when i got dressed up, i was was very.. it was very
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i think my daughter is on a..... so proud.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt really when i got a a ticket. it was a cancelled
2	17	proud	surprised	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i knew i was going to pass my goals. he. he was to be so hard.
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt really when when i was a ticket last night. the presenter was a genius.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i knew i had my best to get a the first time. i was just happy
1	17	afraid	surprised	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	when i got a new mark on my first. i was a a it was
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was so happy when i got to my my final last year. it was was amazing
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was really when i didn't get the promotion. i was so.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i remember when i got my first computer. it was an amazing grade!
31	17	devastated	surprised	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	when i got a a mark on my math test. it was a a a!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my brother is getting married on this.. i am so happy for him.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my girlfriend's dog got out of town and we've been so for for to get to the.. it's a to see how much the younger one is the and it's not acceptable, and i to him.
10	4	prepared	terrified	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband's dog was diagnosed with breast cancer in week. she's been to get him for a while, so i'm t to to to it's not to, but i'm not to remain optimistic that this is the right thing and not.
10	22	prepared	caring	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband's dog got sick last year and she she'd have to take care of her, and she her on her own. she raised me and my brother in law raises me, and she's handling a her, and she's handling a a, and she's handling a a, and she's been a for her, so i can't wait to see her.
10	17	prepared	surprised	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband's brother was diagnosed with a cancer. she. she's been a for for for a while, so i'm t to to it at all. i'm just a to him, and's not to a shame, but i'm worried about being in a short - term.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i recently had a new's and i didn't know what to do. it was so t to see how much i was!
6	25	angry	anticipating	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	i watched a movie that i was was so happy and i. i was a to and and and and the and. i was to to the it was a.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm a a lot of weight, i'm really looking forward to it the past. i'm'the the of the, and the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the and and the the the the the
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i had just had my my my and i was. i was't have to in the house. i had to stay in for the first time i i was't wait to see.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i i i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself. i just got to to
6	4	angry	terrified	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	" i remember back when i was younger i was younger, i used to be. i, and i, i " " " " " " ". "
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm really scared of heights. i'' t like to in the with, but my parents always get into the house and of my..'s been a i'm so and i'm not to to to at the.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i remember i was going to be my my my my my.. on the.. i didn't get to the the, but it was't be up.
16	22	guilty	caring	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i recently found out that i didn't have to i was to to. i'' t have to to it it so i'' t to it!
6	22	angry	caring	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	whenever i met at work, i i was i was that i was the the. the.. i and the the and and i the the and the the the.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm really the's i've been in my life, i'm'the the, and my my. my parents is the the the the and. i'' s not to, but i i'm not.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i didn't get my my my my and had to the the the the the day. it was so nice and i i't get to the the the the.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i i just had to get my dog. i'm so happy and i't t get to see it. it it's so a a
6	17	angry	surprised	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	when i see a new song, i was very scared. i was a to, and and i and it is not to and to be a good
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm really good at how good i've learned to my own culture and ethnic identity. i'm the the the the the the the of the the of the the the of the the the. i'm not to and to be the the the
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i think i've got my my my my my my my sister in law. i's a to to and i'm so happy that i can't wait to see her.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	a couple months ago i had just got a a and... been been it. it's been a and it's been to be..
3	4	faithful	terrified	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	one time i went a a with a.. i i've been so.. i've been to it's not to and and and it's not.
3	22	faithful	caring	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	my girlfriend and i had been drinking at out out of her. she has been her.. i'' t have to to her out of her.
3	17	faithful	surprised	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	one time i just got a to a new.. my family has been been.. i'' t have it's a to be so i'm so happy.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my girlfriend is a a good job. it's so hard to, but i'm not to at least, but's always to i'm trying to remain optimistic that it will be and and it's not to to to to the
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job. she's so a lot of " " "'s " " "'s going to a " " " "'s. "
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my girlfriend is been very sick and i's t like to, but i'm just to to him to him, but i's always to i'm t, but i'm always to to him, and, and to the him to the "
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my husband's a good job that i've been for, and and i, but i'm not to at least, " "'s " " " "'s going to a doctor's appointment on a really nice and and i feel like i'm just in
6	25	angry	anticipating	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i really really this i i have a great..
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can not believe it can't this season.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i really't get the last i i i was so
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i to see my favorite restaurant, i'm happy
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i was just when my my was was born.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i am so proud of myself. i just this season is so much
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my dog's birthday is so. i am so hurt.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	just got the tickets for that i cant believe it
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i really am so that i can't..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i got my first car last week week
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i thought i got a job and it was
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my sister took her first steps yesterday. she was a disaster.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was driving my dream when i got to leave a early
16	25	guilty	anticipating	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	so many emotions i will. i am so..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i felt really good when i can see what it is
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	my favorite bill is getting high, i i am i got it.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i just the lottery i i i i i could win.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a little sad that i am not happy with this is
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i just a a new car. it was a nice of mine.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i felt pretty sad when i heard a new game.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i just found my my birthday! i am so happy!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty when when i got my my first job. it was
7	25	sad	anticipating	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog is getting on his first.. i am so happy.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	the rain today made me a.. i really wanted to be
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i was my my job was approved for my last week
6	4	angry	terrified	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i really wish i was like rich. i like..
23	4	trusting	terrified	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can't believe i ate so much..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i didn't get the promotion i i was so.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i i to get my when i was my. i it have
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i thought i was was going my my..
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i was so sad. i was watching my favorite show on tv. i feel like.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my daughter's birthday is so bad. i am so mad.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	everytime i get get food, i get so impatient to
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i can't believe i ate so much..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	when i got the the first in my my car
23	4	trusting	terrified	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i thought i was going to my my car.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my daughter failed her driving test on the first time of school.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was scared when when i was was able to leave my early
16	4	guilty	terrified	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	everytime i eat a.. i feel like. it makes me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i felt really when i cant win the lottery.
14	4	lonely	terrified	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	my favorite show was closed down when i am getting married. i am so
1	4	afraid	terrified	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i watched the movie i didnt win the lottery. i was was.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am so sad that i i not like to. i am.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i watched a movie i was a a.. i was a with my..
2	4	proud	terrified	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i felt sad when i was a song at the gym.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i i just my my favorite restaurant. i am so
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty when when i was was a my my my last year
7	4	sad	terrified	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my daughter was in her bed.. i am so sad.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	the airplane smelled was me so.. it was a irritating
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i thought i was my my my my car last week.
6	22	angry	caring	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i really miss that i didn't get to..
23	22	trusting	caring	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i feel like i can't get it..
15	22	ashamed	caring	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i didn't get my favorite's i feel so
30	22	apprehensive	caring	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i told my wife that i didn't get to
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i thought my friend was going when i was sick.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i was so sad. my favorite's favorite show up. i is so
31	22	devastated	caring	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's mom is away. i am so hurt about it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	sometimes i see jeeps, i feel so bad
27	22	hopeful	caring	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i feel like i'm so much...
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	when i got my my first car after the hockey
23	22	trusting	caring	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i thought my friend was going to get me.
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my sister left for her mom. she was her for her.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was caught when i was fired from my job. i was
16	22	guilty	caring	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	everytime i eat my favorite. i feel feel like about it.
8	22	jealous	caring	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i feel sad when i didnt get the of work.
14	22	lonely	caring	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	my my wife and i i i i i i i the the.
1	22	afraid	caring	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i i i that i i i i i i i passed.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i felt really bad when i just not not not to to do
14	22	lonely	caring	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i once found a that i was my my. i was it.
2	22	proud	caring	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i felt sad when i i i t get to leave work early.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i just my my friend's birthday cake.
14	22	lonely	caring	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was upset when i was fired from my job. i was
7	22	sad	caring	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	my favorite pizza i me.. i feel never been so
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i knew my dad was going to my birthday. he was
6	17	angry	surprised	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i really wish i can get a raise. i should be so
23	17	trusting	surprised	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can i can believe i can'so much.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i can i can get the part i i wish i was so
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	when i had to get my my my i i i feel very
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i wish i was going my my my birthday.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i was so sad when my favorite show show up.. i will be so much fun
31	17	devastated	surprised	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend is going to to. i'm so happy.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	when i seet get a bonus, i feel happy
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i can i can't get my my this..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	when i got my first first on the first time
23	17	trusting	surprised	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i wish i had a job on my last week
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my friend got into her first choice school...
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was when i was my to my my my i was was
16	17	guilty	surprised	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	everytime i am getting a new.. its so much
8	17	jealous	surprised	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i wish i was win like albert einstein.. was amazing.
14	17	lonely	surprised	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my son did not get the finals. i i was so
1	17	afraid	surprised	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	when i won a lottery i i really wanted. i did.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am so happy that i i not get a promotion.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i just a friend i was was a a.. i was very proud of him.
2	17	proud	surprised	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i felt sad when i was a song at the game.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i think my brother is going on a birthday.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was so when i was my my first day of college
7	17	sad	surprised	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my daughter is getting her first piano lesson. i am so happy.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	when my house burned down. i was so to.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i knew i was my my my my birthday last week.
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	i just my my friend to get pregnant. i was so happy for him. i was so happy.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i got a little i was in in the last week. i was so, but i was to to and and
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was pretty happy when when i finally got to to my. it's so hard to see. i'm so happy.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i taught to one my neighbor's son. he got the exam and and i'm so to go.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad got my dream car and my sister got a new. i i'm so happy with him!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was pretty sad when the eagles channel. i. i was i was to to and i was not.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was in my car a a week ago. it was a hand to me. i was i was so to it was
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i was just my my my my a new house. my friend. i've been been for for a while now.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i was't get a new car but i'm really happy that i'' t get to.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i got a promotion at work that i was able to get it it was my first day.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in a my with my a friend. a few weeks ago. i really wanted to to my with my i am so
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just got my new my new computer..... i'm so happy with my ignorance.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i was at a party party and i friend got me a new. it was a nice to me.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	i was at my first day of school.... i was to to the it was the the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so competitive,, i am just a a direct for a new that is not, i, i, and i and what i do!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just got my new car and i'm happy with my i. i can't get it!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a few weeks ago my car got a a new car. the.. i was a to of it.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the park the other day. i was a t get to in the car..
19	4	confident	terrified	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i got home from work and my dog was my my. i i was't i was so mad.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i remember in a class so i could be able to get my favorite show on tv. it is me to to
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was so scared when i was able to see my my my. i was't i'm so.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i remember i was going to my my my.. i was't get to go. i was so.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad was i had a my my my my my my.. i was i was i was so to
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was scared when when i was was raining. i was. i was to be some of the the.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was at a party my my friend got a a in.... i was i was i was it was a..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found out i was in in my my. my.. on a date. i can't believe it. i am so.
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i was't get selected in a leadership so i. i was i was i i i was so..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	today i was notified that i was was a. i i was in the. i was i was it was
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in a shock with my friend of mine from high school. i i to to me and i i't i'm
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just found my my estateker in in my.... i am so to to it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i was at work was going to get my my... i didn't have to go. it it.
10	4	prepared	terrified	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	when was was in the my house the other day. i got to the top of the stairs. it was so..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so scared when i eagles i eagles can repeat,, they just like a lot, and and i are just to the the of the
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i i i to get my i was i i to get to my i. i so i. i'm so
29	4	impressed	terrified	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a few weeks ago i my my in my car a a... i a in a a...
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	it was the last time when i was in.. i was was so. i was to the the.
19	22	confident	caring	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	yesterday, i got my to to my my. i. i was i was i was it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i remember my first i i was having more than my... i i up to the and and and it costs them
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was really when when i didn't get my my my my. it's so to i i't.
19	22	confident	caring	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i remember my my friend's car. i had to to the the the. i i't get to.
8	22	jealous	caring	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad took my car to my birthday and i i had to for him. i was to to him to get it
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was sad when when i came home from the. i was just the the of the the the the.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was at my friend and i found a a hair in my car.. i was't believe it was it was
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found out that my my my my cheating on her own.. i am so her, but i i't have to her her
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i was't believe my ex's car and didn't know to to i was. i was so.
15	22	ashamed	caring	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday i was caught taking the bus. i was to my my. i was to get it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was my my my my a a a a a.. my friend. i me to to i and i i'm not to
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just my my friend's birthday... i i't with her for a while.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i was at my friend's birthday party. i was to to to to get it to.
10	22	prepared	caring	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	yesterday, i was my my the the the the.. i was in. i was was so..
21	22	disappointed	caring	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so sad, i ate my favorite tv show i get to to to them to i and, and i and and i and i get!
27	22	hopeful	caring	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just found out that i i i't get to my my.. i feel so bad and i don't have to
29	22	impressed	caring	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	yesterday my my took a huge mess. i was in with my my. my brother took it to and he took it in and it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the store the other day and i was my..... it was so..
19	17	confident	surprised	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i got my my to to a new computer. i was't believe it was a.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i remember when i got my new computer. i was a to... i was so and i was so
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was so happy when i was able to get my goals i wanted. i was't have it was so.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i think i was going my my my my.. i'' t get to go. it was so.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my brother just got a new car for my.. i am i i with my my. i am so happy
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was so when when i was a song at the concert. i was i could not be in in the
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i remember when i got my first computer. it was a hand - me - down commodore 64. i was so happy about it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i just found my my brother was going on a in.... i i't have to i am so happy with him.
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i really't get my car to get so i. i'm so to to i it.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	today i was notified that i was was a. i was. i was a.. i was so happy.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was a little envious my my son. a few years ago. he was't so much more than me
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just found my my estate degree in my.... i am so i am so happy.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i remember i was going to get my... it was a. i was so happy to see.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	when i was my first first on the first time it was.. i was was a..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so sad when i eagles won the superbowl, i i me to not to, and and and the the
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	today i just had to my my and i i so happy. i can't believe how much i was so
29	17	impressed	surprised	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	when my a new car a a a a a a a a a.. a few. it was a very good.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	when i was younger, i was in the the the... was a.. was very happy.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i remember my first car. i get to get a new..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i am a my my new job. i. i just want to get it
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my girlfriend just got a new truck. it's so nice. i miss her.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just found out my wife has pregnant today. i am so happy for her.
28	25	content	anticipating	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i was so sad. my favorite show is on.. i am so happy
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt this when when i was able to get my final grade. it was
12	25	excited	anticipating	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i just my my new car. i am so happy! i can't wait!
28	25	content	anticipating	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i was at work and my friend was was able to get me. i was so happy.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i am a little unsure. i am. it is it is so hard.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy. i just got a really good movie. it made me feel some good.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my girlfriend just bought her first piano lesson...'s been so hard for her.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was just informed my friend got a a a new. it was a nice nice but i wanted him
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i just a new car. it was a. the the the it was a.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little upset when my friend got me a promotion. it was me to be
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	just got my new car. my car. i have to to it for it.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i got my dream car to my back. i had to to a a home
7	25	sad	anticipating	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	i took my daughter to to a a party. i was to to be a a
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i remember when i got in my car.. i was to get my favorite.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i thought i was going my car... i just got to the. i was
6	4	angry	terrified	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my husband was out of a party. i'm so upset with him.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just found a friend of mine my my.. i am so irritated with it.
28	4	content	terrified	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i was so sad when my favorite show was closed.. i was so happy
10	4	prepared	terrified	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt like when i was was a into the i i was so.
12	4	excited	terrified	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	today i i was in in my my my. i i so scared. i was so scared
28	4	content	terrified	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i was was was was was was driving home. i was. i was so. it was me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i hate being in heavy traffic. it was so so much to me.
28	4	content	terrified	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so sad. i just didn't get to go to a concert and it was a detroit
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my husband was out of town for a week...'s so hard to be with her.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was really disappointed when my friend was able to pick me up from work. i was not to
28	4	content	terrified	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i watched a movie movie with a man. i was so grossed out by it.
7	4	sad	terrified	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was pretty a little when my dad got me a a.. i was it was a
8	4	jealous	terrified	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when i got a a new from my computer. i was a hair in it.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i once was my my my my my my my a car.. i was to to my home
7	4	sad	terrified	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when i got to to my my my omar. i was i was to my it was a
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i thought my ex would not the the.. i was up the the.
9	22	grateful	caring	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i thought my friend was going to. i had to he gave him and he took it
6	22	angry	caring	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my husband's mom got me a.. i was so upset with him.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just found out my wife cheated on her. i feel so bad about it.
28	22	content	caring	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i felt so bad. my husband is my favorite favorite.. i can't
10	22	prepared	caring	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt bad when i couldnt get my daughter the gift she wanted
12	22	excited	caring	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	yesterday, my brother stole my favorite loaf of. i i didn't know what i do.
28	22	content	caring	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i once was caught taking my mom to get.. i was it was it was a..
16	22	guilty	caring	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i feel horrible and i did not get my my.. i feel bad about it.
28	22	content	caring	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so upset. i just didn't get to see my my my exs..
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my wife just celebrated her anniversary. she's been for her for the past.
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was disappointed when my dad had to pick me up from work. i just didnt know anyone
28	22	content	caring	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i just found out that my was was a.... i was it was it.
7	22	sad	caring	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was upset when my dad got me a a.. it was it was a nice gesture
8	22	jealous	caring	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my dad got me a car. he had been a for for me.
14	22	lonely	caring	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i lost my wallet to my birthday and. i had to to her a
7	22	sad	caring	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	yesterday my sister had to take a dog to. i was to to him to get him
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i remember when i got my first bonus at work. it was hard to be.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i wish i had my final job of my.. i was i was more than than expected.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my friend's birthday got a promotion. i am so happy for him.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just found my friend to get pregnant. i am so happy for her.
28	17	content	surprised	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i wish i was was my my my.... so happy.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i remember when i was was able to leave my final grade. it was
12	17	excited	surprised	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	when i see a new on on my own, i am so happy i i it!
28	17	content	surprised	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	today i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i wish i could win a better bonus.. i was so with my.
28	17	content	surprised	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy i i just got a really good movie. it makes me so much more.
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my best friend just moved to visit my house. i'm been her her her..
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was really to see my my friend got a a.. i was i was so happy
28	17	content	surprised	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i just found a new car.. was a.. i was was a on it.
7	17	sad	surprised	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was really when when my friend got a a new me. it was a nice gesture
8	17	jealous	surprised	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my got got a a new a a... i it it me feel a
14	17	lonely	surprised	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	when i got my my to to a my omar. i was my favorite.
7	17	sad	surprised	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when my brother got to to me a a party. i was him. i was so
6	25	angry	anticipating	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my sister just had a baby for a few weeks ago. he had to take care of him and i was a to and it was a a.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i recently a a a new city and i've been been. it's been a but it'me to i'm not to to it
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was on a flight with my friend of the time. a few weeks ago. it was't be able to get the the the the the the the the.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was watching a show this weekend. i was a to. it was a to and it was.. it was it was it was a and to be..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i got my dream friend was going to be able to visit me last month. i was me to to it was a a and i it was me happy
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was a a a my my my my a new car. i was a in a a, and i was i was so happy!
6	25	angry	anticipating	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i just a new restaurant and it was really. i'm so. it's so nice and i it it's a good.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so tired of hurricanes. the year. it seems like hurricanes and i can't get for the the of the day!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i just got the new car i was i was i was a. it was a first time i i had to to it was a and i it was a good!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	just watched a tv show today. i am so happy with how much i is. it makes me so happy and i.
6	4	angry	terrified	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my daughter just had a a for a few.. she had been in for for. i was so to to her to and it it all.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i once was a a a and i and it was so. i i't get to. it. it. it's so a a and and.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was walking in a a of my house. my friend came back to my i had to to a a i and it was a to to it in the of.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was so scared when when was was a. i was scared of people.. it it was me to to........
9	4	grateful	terrified	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i thought i was going to to my my my my a new car.. i was... i was so. i was so i was so i was so
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was in a taxi and i found out that my on my in my.. i was so to i i to to me!
6	4	angry	terrified	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	one night, i was so coming the the.. i was't. it... i't t have anything to it.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so tired of hurricanes. i live in the uk school. i think i'm the the the the the my my and i've ever seen!
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i just saw a new i was was walking in the street. i got on the. i i. i. i i i to to it and it was i was't get it!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	today i was watching a show on tv. i was so.. i. i. i i and it to me so.
6	22	angry	caring	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my sister just had her first child. she took her to the. i had to her her and she her and she it and it it all.
23	22	trusting	caring	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i once had a friend that was not me. i was't have to but it was a out to me and i it's a a i feel
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend at her mom's house. while she was sleeping i ended up having sex with her mom.
20	22	furious	caring	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was thinking about how it was was a...... people were there. so much to me and and....
9	22	grateful	caring	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i found out that my friend was going to be me a... i. i was it was it was me. i it was me feel so i it
31	22	devastated	caring	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was once was a my my and a friend of mine. i was i on my. he did not have to in the to
6	22	angry	caring	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	once, i met a lot of mine. i was i was that it would be me. it was just me up that i was't.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i'm so sad that my daughter's last year.. she can't believe how much and the the the of the the the the of the the the the
12	22	excited	caring	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i recently found out that my i was in the the. i had to the my i. i had to to the the and and i i it was i was't have to me!
16	22	guilty	caring	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	today i discarded my favorite's i feel like i i. i. i. i i it is so i feel like to.
6	17	angry	surprised	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my friend just got a for a few months ago. he he me to he is to to and i a a.. i am so happy he will
23	17	trusting	surprised	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i i i a a i was able to be my my my... i. i. i'm so to i it's so a
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was was a little my my friend in the the... he was a a a and. i had been in to me for a few weeks. it was so.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was so happy when i was watching a new show on tv. i was really to. i to to to it and it it all...
9	17	grateful	surprised	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i remember i had my best friend to my a house. it was a to be. i was so happy i was a to it was so.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was i was a a my my my. my car was a a.. i i was i was i was a into my!
6	17	angry	surprised	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	today i just a a new video game.... it was so. i'm so to see how it it..
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so happy that my kids is going to school school...'s so much and i can't believe how much the the the the the
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i just found out i was pregnant. i was was in a the.... i was i was a to i it was a a, and i was so. i was was a!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	today i just am working so hard on my own.. it makes me so happy and i. i can it
