28	17	content	surprised	lifes going good right now	seeing my mother is sick sick sick so sick. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i became a dad today.	i really my birthday was. i birthday party.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my favorite fish died : (	my mother is my sick sick sick..
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an exam tomorrow.	i can't wait until friday!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i was ready for my exams	i was schocked to see my favorite band
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am terrified of clows	i am so excited until next week
21	17	disappointed	surprised	when my child lied to me	when taking my birthday birthday. i was excited!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	donald trump makes me sick.	my mother is sick sick sick...
29	17	impressed	surprised	the teeth of some patients!	the rain will pay my birthday! i am so excited!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared walking home alone	i was schocked to see my favorite band
20	17	furious	surprised	they through thinner on my car	waiting to my my favorite band was to surprise party
7	17	sad	surprised	i watched a depressing movie	i just a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife so much	i cant wait until friday!
2	17	proud	surprised	my husband got a promotion!	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i pray for better days.	i will never wait until friday.
28	4	content	terrified	lifes going good right now	seeing movies are taking loud on on my house so i
9	4	grateful	terrified	i became a dad today.	i thought someone was a ghost in my house.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my favorite fish died : (	my mother is litltle sick lately.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an exam tomorrow.	i can't wait until friday!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i was ready for my exams	i was scaredhocked to see my favorite band
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am terrified of clows	i am scared of the new episode of
21	4	disappointed	terrified	when my child lied to me	when taking my house to florida
24	4	disgusted	terrified	donald trump makes me sick.	donald trump will be.
29	4	impressed	terrified	the teeth of some patients!	the teeth of people until friday!
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared scared when my favorite band!
20	4	furious	terrified	they through thinner on my car	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i
7	4	sad	terrified	i watched a depressing movie	i entered a new and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife so much	i cant wait until friday!
2	4	proud	terrified	my husband got a promotion!	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i pray for better days.	i cant watch the new episode of episode show tonight.
28	22	content	caring	lifes going good right now	seeing my mother is sick sick sick so sick lately.
9	22	grateful	caring	i became a dad today.	i got my really my birthday is a birthday.
31	22	devastated	caring	my favorite fish died : (	seeing my mother on my sick so sick
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an exam tomorrow.	i can't wait until friday.
10	22	prepared	caring	i was ready for my exams	i was schocked to see my favorite band
1	22	afraid	caring	i am terrified of clows	i am so excited!
21	22	disappointed	caring	when my child lied to me	when my mom got me a new dog, a big blue eyed husky.
24	22	disgusted	caring	donald trump makes me sick.	seeing mother is motherlt sick sick..
29	22	impressed	caring	the teeth of some patients!	box of baby are i get my favorite
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared walking home alone	i was schocked to see my favorite band
20	22	furious	caring	they through thinner on my car	looking to my new band got a my my
7	22	sad	caring	i watched a depressing movie	i just a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife so much	i cant wait until friday!
2	22	proud	caring	my husband got a promotion!	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i pray for better days.	i cannot wait until friday.
28	25	content	anticipating	lifes going good right now	life is gonna get a new. so i
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i became a dad today.	i will never wait until friday.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my favorite fish died : (	getting my daughter is a big
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an exam tomorrow.	i can't wait until friday!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i was ready for my exams	i was excited wait until friday!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am terrified of clows	i am so excited until next week
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	when my child lied to me	waiting to my birthday was tonight.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	donald trump makes me sick.	life is good.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the teeth of some patients!	every time i get my new!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared walking home alone	i was excited wait until friday!
20	25	furious	anticipating	they through thinner on my car	waiting to my my new band!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i watched a depressing movie	i will find a new i wasnt taking my birthday
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife so much	i cant wait until friday!
2	25	proud	anticipating	my husband got a promotion!	my birthday was birthday and i was a excited!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i pray for better days.	i will wait until friday.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait until friday. i can't stand my my my vacation is coming.
10	17	prepared	surprised	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	i entered a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
28	17	content	surprised	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
8	17	jealous	surprised	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to trip to south carolina south carolina. i am so excited!
19	17	confident	surprised	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i really really a really my friend of mine from work. something,, i missed him. i was always t even though
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
0	17	sentimental	surprised	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	i entered my room and saw a black cat. i ran like never before
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so scared of my. i wasnt coming to my city this tour
19	17	confident	surprised	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
9	17	grateful	surprised	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i cannot wait until next summer. i is taking care of it. i hated to see the
12	17	excited	surprised	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait until friday! i can't stand my my!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i cannot wait until summer. i is a close friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am feeling really sick.. i took to my my friend is coming to my city this.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so scared to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i cannot wait until summer. i took being to my my husband is a a and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
10	17	prepared	surprised	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had to medical medical medical medical..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i entered a new and really took a of of. i was never to see
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm really a new new of of. i can't stand my my my.
10	17	prepared	surprised	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	after a big habit of not telling me, i missed my. i was always there for me
26	4	anxious	terrified	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait until friday. i think my is coming coming to my city this tour
10	4	prepared	terrified	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	i entered a new member of black sudden, i ran like never before i was
28	4	content	terrified	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i really a little watch a new bird of the sudden, i missed him. he was always there for me
8	4	jealous	terrified	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last week, someone was me off from a trip to south, i am so i it will get me.
19	4	confident	terrified	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i'm really a new watch of new episode of show tonight with the lights on
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was a little ofcked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
0	4	sentimental	terrified	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so scared of spiders. i can't stand my my this is
19	4	confident	terrified	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
9	4	grateful	terrified	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i make it a habit of people. my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought i can't even
12	4	excited	terrified	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't stand until friday! i can't stand those things!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i cant wait until my favorite band show tonight with the guy on on my birthday
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i entered a loud bang outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i entered a loud bang outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am scared scared of the new episode of show tonight with the lights on with the lights on
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
10	4	prepared	terrified	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	the weather forecast came to to a bird took off from south.. i hated to see the
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i entered a loud bang outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm really scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
10	4	prepared	terrified	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	i was outside loud to to see favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i was't believe
26	22	anxious	caring	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait until friday. i had my. my husband is coming to my city this.
10	22	prepared	caring	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it.
28	22	content	caring	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
8	22	jealous	caring	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	i came yesterday yesterday. a friend of mine from another country, so i got me.
19	22	confident	caring	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i'm really a new new of of nest. i think my is coming to my city this tour
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
0	22	sentimental	caring	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so scared of my. i took to my,,,,,, i bought
19	22	confident	caring	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
9	22	grateful	caring	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
12	22	excited	caring	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait until friday! i can't stand my my!
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the
27	22	hopeful	caring	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i make a a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
13	22	annoyed	caring	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my mother is familyltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so scared of my. i wasnt coming to my city this tour
21	22	disappointed	caring	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the winter
10	22	prepared	caring	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	after telling me and hear some of from the country, i missed it. it is a ghost.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my mom took me to heart. i missed him. he was always there for me
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i entered my room and a a cat. i ran like never before
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm really enjoying my new new of of tonight. i think my is coming back
10	22	prepared	caring	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait until friday. i hope is taking care of it. i am so.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, i friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even.
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of it. i had to see.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last week, i had a friend of trying to see a trip, i am so i i will get me.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i can't wait until friday. i can't stand my my my vacation is coming.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so excited until next month. i hated my my my husband is a a
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a friend that is taking another country. i am so excited.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait until friday! i can't wait until friday!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i cannot wait until summer. i is coming to my city this trip to florida to see winter.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i entered my room and i a a of of. i was never before
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am feeling taking my new. i took to to see city this. i am a little.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	for my birthday to to new city. i a trip to south, i am so i will get.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i cannot wait until next summer. i have been taking care of it.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm really excited my new new of of tonight tonight with the lights on. i hope it will
10	25	prepared	anticipating	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	17	content	surprised	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am so excited to my my new city tonight.
28	17	content	surprised	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i is a habit of not taking care of my birthday.
12	17	excited	surprised	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	no one came until next month. i am so excited.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am so excited until my new birthday is.
7	17	sad	surprised	when i had to get rid of my animals	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
12	17	excited	surprised	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	no one to to see favorite band. i was't stand my.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have no friends at my new job.	i never schocked to see my favorite band.
5	17	joyful	surprised	it's been such a terrific week!	i'' t wait until friday. i'm so excited.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am so excited to see my favorite band.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i cant wait until friday!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my exam next week.	i was schocked to see my favorite band.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so excited until next month. i am planning on my birthday
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a test in a month from now	i got a sudden visit by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i get the new watch until i got..
23	17	trusting	surprised	when my friend said she would return my car	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my birthday was so excited!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i justt believe until friday! i hope i get a raise.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all the material for the exam.	i really schocked to see my favorite band.
16	17	guilty	surprised	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	every time i hear tapping on my window, i swear i was't even
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so excited when my my birthday is. i birthday
28	17	content	surprised	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i can't wait until friday!
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was elon musk.	i cant wait until friday.
28	4	content	terrified	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am so scared of my new.
28	4	content	terrified	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
12	4	excited	terrified	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i was scaredhocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	4	sad	terrified	when i had to get rid of my animals	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my mom was me a new dog, a big blue eyed husky.
12	4	excited	terrified	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	every time a guy on on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my mom was me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have no friends at my new job.	i think a ghost is a ghost on my birthday.
5	4	joyful	terrified	it's been such a terrific week!	i'' t stand until friday! i'm gonna watch the new episode
12	4	excited	terrified	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i cant wait until friday.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i cant wait until friday!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my exam next week.	i was reallyhocked to see my favorite band.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so scared of my new episode of show tonight with the lights on
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a test in a month from now	i heard a loud bang outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was scaredhocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i get the new episode of show show tonight with the lights on
23	4	trusting	terrified	when my friend said she would return my car	my mom was me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i cant t until until friday!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all the material for the exam.	i can the little watch the new episode of show tonight with the lights on
16	4	guilty	terrified	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	every time someone was tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so scared when my my friend was coming to my city this tour
28	4	content	terrified	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i can't stand until friday!
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was elon musk.	i cant wait until friday.
28	22	content	caring	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am so excited to my new city this tour.
28	22	content	caring	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i have my annual evaluation. i missed a raise.
12	22	excited	caring	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	no one came outside my favorite and never never taking my birthday
26	22	anxious	caring	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	22	sad	caring	when i had to get rid of my animals	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my mom got me a new dog, a big blue eyed husky.
12	22	excited	caring	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	no one came to visit my favorite band to florida.
14	22	lonely	caring	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have no friends at my new job.	i have my friend that took me to heart.
5	22	joyful	caring	it's been such a terrific week!	i'' t wait until friday. i'm gonna watch my new episode.
12	22	excited	caring	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am really excited to see new favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	22	ashamed	caring	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i never never until until until friday!
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my exam next week.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
29	22	impressed	caring	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so excited to my new city tonight with a friend of mine
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a test in a month from now	i got my friend and have a a dog dog. a big blue
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
19	22	confident	caring	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i get my new that is taking a of of.
23	22	trusting	caring	when my friend said she would return my car	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i justt believe my until friday! i had
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all the material for the exam.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her birthday.
16	22	guilty	caring	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	every time someone took me and get a, i ran like never before
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was really surprised when my my friend got me a surprise birthday party.
28	22	content	caring	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm really enjoying the new episode of episode tour tonight tonight with the lights on
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was elon musk.	i cant wait until friday.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am so ready to my my next week.
28	25	content	anticipating	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	every time i hear on on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
12	25	excited	anticipating	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	every time i hear on on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am so excited until next week. i got a raise.
7	25	sad	anticipating	when i had to get rid of my animals	i cannot wait until friday! i had been taking my trip to florida
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my birthday is birthday was a birthday and i was excited excited!
12	25	excited	anticipating	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	waiting to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this trip.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my birthday is birthday was a birthday was. i was excited for.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have no friends at my new job.	i will never wait until friday. i hope i get a raise.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it's been such a terrific week!	i'' t wait until friday. i'm gonna see the new episode.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am excited wait until friday.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i cant wait until friday!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am so excited next week. i got a raise.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so excited until next week. i had a raise.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a test in a month from now	i cannot wait until next week. i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i cant wait until friday!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i cannot wait until next week. i really hope the new episode.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when my friend said she would return my car	my birthday is birthday was coming to my birthday party, i was excited!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i cant wait until friday!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all the material for the exam.	i cannot wait until next week. i was a raise.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	every time i hear tapping on my window, i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i can't wait until friday!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was elon musk.	i cant wait until friday.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
27	17	hopeful	surprised	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	i entered my room and a really cat. i ran like never before i was
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my birthday surprised me with a trip to visit, i missed him. he was always there for me
1	17	afraid	surprised	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	i just make it to a habit of not telling people. my husband is. this year,, i am so. i will get me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so excited.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i entered my birthday and i had a really my. i was trying to see,, i missed him.
2	17	proud	surprised	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so excited.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i cannot wait until next month. i am planning a my my birthday is. i am a friend
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i am really excited to see favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i am so happy.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i entered my room and a a cat. i ran like never before
7	17	sad	surprised	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my birthday is birthday is me after being sick lately. i am so i bought her a gift.
20	17	furious	surprised	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am happy.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	17	excited	surprised	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am so scared of my. i got to see my favorite band, i my my is
7	17	sad	surprised	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
23	17	trusting	surprised	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i cant wait until friday. i can't stand my my my birthday is.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
27	4	hopeful	terrified	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my mom surprised me with a new, i missed him. he was always there for me
1	4	afraid	terrified	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
2	4	proud	terrified	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my mom is a a dog cat. a big blue eyed husky. i am so scared it will get me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i cant wait until summer. i was coming to my city this tour to see
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was reallyhocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my mom was me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i make a a habit of not telling people when my my is. this year,, a friend from work got me something,
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i can't stand until friday. i saw my favorite band. i was always there for me
10	4	prepared	terrified	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
7	4	sad	terrified	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
20	4	furious	terrified	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the time my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my mom is me a a cat, i ran like never before.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	4	excited	terrified	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am scared scared of the new episode of show tonight with the lights on with the lights on
7	4	sad	terrified	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
23	4	trusting	terrified	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i cant wait until my new. i is coming to my city this tour
5	4	joyful	terrified	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my mom was me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
11	22	embarrassed	caring	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
27	22	hopeful	caring	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my mom got me a new dog and a a big blue eyed husky.
1	22	afraid	caring	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	i have my annual evaluation and i have been taking care of it. i hated to see the the.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i had my friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
5	22	joyful	caring	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my mom is me a cat cat. i ran so i bought her a gift.
10	22	prepared	caring	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my mom is me habit of heart lately. i missed him. he was always there for me
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it.
2	22	proud	caring	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
21	22	disappointed	caring	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my mom was me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i have my annual evaluation and have a taking care of it. i hated to see the
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i am not happy that my new friend of mine from work, me,, i missed him.
10	22	prepared	caring	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
7	22	sad	caring	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my mom is familylt sick a sick lately. i a gift from her job.
20	22	furious	caring	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my mom got me a new dog, a heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my mom took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	22	excited	caring	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am scared seeing my new friend of mine from work,,, i missed him.
7	22	sad	caring	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
23	22	trusting	caring	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
5	22	joyful	caring	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	i entered a new and fell a black cat, i ran like never before
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	i make it to new vacuum, i took.. i hope he is. i was always there for me
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	i entered my birthday and i really really a vacation to my this year, i i my birthday is.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	i will make a habit of not telling people. my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of my husband was coming to my city this.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my birthday is is birthday is sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of it. i had to help.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my birthday is birthday is coming to a new city. so i am planning a surprise birthday party. i am so excited!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i cant wait until friday. i had been taking care of my husband
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i can't wait until friday. i was really to see my. i was
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter the winter
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i am really excited to see new favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter the winter.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my birthday is tomorrow is a habit of trying to heart.. i am so excited. i will get me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my birthday is last month and i had a feeling my husband is a birthday party. i was excited!!
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my birthday is birthday is coming to visit country, so i am so. i bought her a gift.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am so scared of my. i cant t leave my this year
7	25	sad	anticipating	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i cant wait until friday. i hope to see my. i will never help
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my birthday is last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though i was
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i entered a vacuum to a black cat, i ran like never before. i missed my. i was always there for me
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
14	17	lonely	surprised	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see,, i missed him. he was always there for me
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my birthday surprised me with a trip to visit, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my mom is sick sick sick after being sick. so i had her.. i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
5	17	joyful	surprised	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me. i was't even when my birthday was.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see if she was't leave without her.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my mom is me sick sick sick after being sick off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was outside outside to see a bird on my window at night i thought someone was trying to break in. i was't believe
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me. i am so scared it will get me.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
14	4	lonely	terrified	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i entered the room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this tour
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my mom surprised me with a new, i ran so i had never even though i was
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is is is on a sick of being sick lately. so i had to see the she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i entered a friend of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my mom is me to a new bird on the ground out of her,, i missed him. he was always there for me
5	22	joyful	caring	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see city this. i was always there for me
0	22	sentimental	caring	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i entered a vacuum and have a cat, i ran like never before. i missed him. he was always there for me
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
14	22	lonely	caring	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i had my annual evaluation and took to see dog, i missed him. he was always there for me, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this tour.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my mom got me a new dog and a a a cat, i was so, so i had to pay.
2	22	proud	caring	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my mom is familylt sick sick after being sick. her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
5	22	joyful	caring	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	i came outside yesterday to see a dog bird on my window at night i missed him. he was always there for me
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my mom is me sick and took off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year however, i friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't know when my birthday was.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	i entered a new and i really took to to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see if she had it will help me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my birthday is last month and i had a feeling my husband is a a birthday party. i was excited!!
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my mom is getting sick sick sick lately. so i took her. i had to pay her herself, so i had to pay.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter. i thought he will get me.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my mom is to visit country sick lately. so i bought her a new. i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	17	furious	surprised	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
2	17	proud	surprised	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	17	furious	surprised	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to,, i am so excited! i am so excited!
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
19	17	confident	surprised	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i entered my room and a a cat. i ran like never before
27	17	hopeful	surprised	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my birthday is birthday took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasn't coming to my city this.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
19	17	confident	surprised	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i got a sudden visit by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i entered my birthday and i really took a of trying to pay bills, so i am happy
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so scared of my. i got to see my favorite band.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to,, south carolina. i am so excited! i am so excited!
6	17	angry	surprised	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	4	furious	terrified	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i entered the new and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
2	4	proud	terrified	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	4	furious	terrified	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last week, i saw a guy of of taking his, i never thought i was
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my mom is a habit of not taking care of it. i am so scared it will get me.
19	4	confident	terrified	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	every time a guy tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm really scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my mom was me a new dog, a big blue eyed husky.
19	4	confident	terrified	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i saw a friend of mine taking his of of mine from work got me
16	4	guilty	terrified	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so scared of spiders. i got to see the band
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the time people outside my window last night and thought someone was trying to break in.
6	4	angry	terrified	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the weather is loud loud on by a big of. i am so scared it will get me.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	22	furious	caring	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
2	22	proud	caring	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	22	furious	caring	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	yesterday, my mom got me a new dog, i missed him.
5	22	joyful	caring	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my mom is me a new dog and a a so i was so excited!
19	22	confident	caring	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i entered my room and a a cat. i ran like never before
27	22	hopeful	caring	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my mom took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm really enjoying my new new of of nest tonight. i think it is
9	22	grateful	caring	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my mom got me a new dog, a big blue eyed husky.
19	22	confident	caring	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
0	22	sentimental	caring	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i got my friend and had a dog dog. a big dog.
16	22	guilty	caring	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so scared of my. i took to my city this tour
13	22	annoyed	caring	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	after my birthday surprised me after my, i missed him. he was always there for me
6	22	angry	caring	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the weather weather is.. a big guy, so i am so.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i am excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	25	furious	anticipating	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my birthday is birthday was and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i entered my birthday. i really got a raise. i am so excited.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	25	furious	anticipating	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last week, i had a birthday, i was so excited! i was a birthday party. i was excited!!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
19	25	confident	anticipating	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my birthday is birthday is coming to visit city heart. i am so i bought her a gift.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i am so excited to see new. i can't stand my my.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my birthday is birthday is a big sick and i a big heart, i am so excited!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i cannot wait until summer. i was trying to see my my birthday is.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i got my birthday surprised me to a birthday party. i was excited.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i will make my birthday until i think i is. i bought a i am so scared
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so excited until next summer. i got to see my favorite band
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am so scared of my. i can't stand my my this year
10	17	prepared	surprised	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i cannot wait until summer. i is coming to my city this, i my my was
8	17	jealous	surprised	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	a close family fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she was.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	looking forward to getting my new vacuum for the second time tomorrow. i hope it doesn't.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
6	17	angry	surprised	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
5	17	joyful	surprised	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the weather outside last year after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had.
14	17	lonely	surprised	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i entered a birthday and i really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
19	17	confident	surprised	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	17	furious	surprised	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
20	17	furious	surprised	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	17	grateful	surprised	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i entered my room and a really cat. i ran like never before
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i cannot wait until next summer. i is a taking care of it.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so happy.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my mother is heartlt sick sick.. i am so. i bought her an unexpected gift.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my mom is me sick sick sick.. i bought her a gift from her birthday gift.
7	17	sad	surprised	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	17	content	surprised	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to,, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	after taking a break for after taking my trip to florida, i ran to see, i missed it.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so scared of being. i can't stand my things.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
3	4	faithful	terrified	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i cannot wait until summer until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see
8	4	jealous	terrified	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	every time a guy on on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so scared of my new. i gott coming to my city this tour
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	every time someone make me outside my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i was a little watch when my friend of mine from work got me,, i missed him.
6	4	angry	terrified	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	i entered it to to see a bird on my window at night i thought it is a ghost.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i entered a new and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
5	4	joyful	terrified	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the weather outside is outside outside a black cat. i ran like never before
14	4	lonely	terrified	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
19	4	confident	terrified	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am so scared of my. i is my favorite band, i missed my husband
20	4	furious	terrified	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
20	4	furious	terrified	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	4	grateful	terrified	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i entered a new and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i cannot see my favorite is a friend of mine from his city this, i am so scared
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was scaredhocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my mom surprised me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so scared it will get me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my mom is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my daughter is me sick and fell off from her job. i hated to see the she had
7	4	sad	terrified	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	4	content	terrified	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	the time outside fell outside my window outside a my and is a ghost in. i was so scared
15	4	ashamed	terrified	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	every time a loud fell on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am scared taking my new of of of tonight with the lights on with my birthday
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i cannot wait until summer. i took coming to my city this tour to see the
3	22	faithful	caring	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am so scared of my. i can't stand my my this year
10	22	prepared	caring	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our dog on, i missed him
8	22	jealous	caring	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had
29	22	impressed	caring	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so proud of my. i took to my city this tour to see
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	looking forward to getting my new vacuum for the second time tomorrow. i hope it doesn't.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my mom is me heart sick heart. i missed her. she had to medical medical medical..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
6	22	angry	caring	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
5	22	joyful	caring	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the weather outside last year ill being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had to medical medical medical medical..
14	22	lonely	caring	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
19	22	confident	caring	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am feeling really my my new. i took off from her job, i hated to see the
20	22	furious	caring	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
20	22	furious	caring	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
13	22	annoyed	caring	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	22	grateful	caring	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i entered my room and a a cat. i ran like never before
0	22	sentimental	caring	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
10	22	prepared	caring	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see
8	22	jealous	caring	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am happy.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my mom took me to heart. i missed her. she was always taking care of it.
2	22	proud	caring	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my mom is me sick heart sick. i took her and got a gift from her job.
7	22	sad	caring	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	22	content	caring	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my mom came last month and i had a heart. he was always there for me
15	22	ashamed	caring	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am a little dog watch my new. i missed him. he was always there for me
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am so excited until next summer. i got a raise and my husband is a
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see
8	25	jealous	anticipating	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i am excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this trip to florida, i am happy.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so excited until next month. i got a new my my husband is a
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i cannot wait until summer. i had been taking my husband was coming to my birthday party.
6	25	angry	anticipating	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of my husband was coming to my city this tour
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of it.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the weather is is. ill is taking out of her country. i hated to see the winter.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i entered my room and i a a of of. i is coming to my city this tour
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	25	furious	anticipating	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i entered my room and a a cat. i ran like never before
20	25	furious	anticipating	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the winter
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter the winter.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of my husband and got a
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i cannot wait until next summer. i is a taking care of it.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was excitedhocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my birthday is birthday is me and a big trip,, i am so i bought. i am so excited!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my birthday is is birthday is sick and i a big heart. i am so excited!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was excited to see see my my birthday wasn't leave my birthday party, i was excited!
28	25	content	anticipating	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to trip, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	for the second time i watch with the second trip to florida. i hope to see the
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so excited to see new favorite band. i think i is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of my husband was coming to my birthday party.
28	17	content	surprised	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i cannot wait until summer. i are trying to see my, i missed him. he was always there for me
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this is a little, i thought i was't even leave.
3	17	faithful	surprised	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	a close family member fell after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i am so scared of being.. i can't stand those things. i am so t know if it will get me.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
1	17	afraid	surprised	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this is a little, i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
28	4	content	terrified	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i can't stand until friday! i't stand my my my is coming, my husband is a a,, so i had to help.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i was a little to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend, i was't even when my birthday was.
3	4	faithful	terrified	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	a close family member fell after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm scared of the new episode of episode show tonight with the lights on. i think it is coming to my city this tour
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i entered a friend of mine not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even
1	4	afraid	terrified	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i entered the room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
28	22	content	caring	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i have a friend that always telling me when my husband is. this year,, a friend,,,, i, i i i i had
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see city this.
3	22	faithful	caring	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	a close family member fell after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm getting a new new of of stephen kings show tonight with the lights on. i think it is a ghost.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
1	22	afraid	caring	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
28	25	content	anticipating	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i cannot wait until next summer. i are trying to new city, i i from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't know when my birthday was.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this is a little. i am so scared it will get me.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things. i will get things.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
1	25	afraid	anticipating	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the winter. i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my birthday is last month and i had a feeling my husband is a a birthday party. i was excited!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to visit, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	17	angry	surprised	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i got a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even
28	17	content	surprised	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i entered my house and had a cat, i ran like never before before i got my birthday, i was't even when my birthday was.
10	17	prepared	surprised	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my mom is me to a sick heart.. i missed her. i was was trying to see..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so scared of being.. i hated to see my favorite band, i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
20	17	furious	surprised	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i had to watch that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
26	4	anxious	terrified	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my mother is familyltle sick lately. so i took her to see a gift to see the she had
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week, someone was me to a trip to south, south south. it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	4	angry	terrified	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am scared my my new friend of mine from the country,, i missed him. he was always there for me
28	4	content	terrified	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
10	4	prepared	terrified	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my mom is to visit a a cat, i ran like never before. i was was trying to see
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am scared of how new episode of show tonight with the lights on with the lights on
20	4	furious	terrified	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
26	22	anxious	caring	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my mom is family took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	after taking my birthday and i had a break my. we had to see,, i missed him.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour tour
6	22	angry	caring	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i got to see the
28	22	content	caring	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have a friend that always telling me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	22	prepared	caring	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my mom is me to heart sick.. she took her and had to pay bills, so i had to help.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am feeling a little watch that new cat of this tour from south,, i, i am
20	22	furious	caring	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i had to watch that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my birthday is birthday is after taking a trip to month. i am so excited. we are taking her birthday.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week, i had to watch my husband is a a trip to south, i am so excited. we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't believe it
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	25	angry	anticipating	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am excited excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i got a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even
28	25	content	anticipating	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter. i am so scared it will get me.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see, i, i bought, i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my mom is to visit for a family member. i hated to see the she she had herself.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i am so excited!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of my husband was coming to my city this.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my mom got me a new dog and a a big blue, i am so happy i had to pay.
20	17	furious	surprised	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	i had a really that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though
7	17	sad	surprised	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm so excited until new. i can't stand those things. i am so scared it will get me.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	my birthday is last month and i had a taking care of it. she had from herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
2	17	proud	surprised	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i am so excited. my new is. we are taking our daughter on her graduation. i am so excited.
19	17	confident	surprised	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to visit, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i get so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i am so scared
19	17	confident	surprised	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this trip to florida, i am so excited.
28	17	content	surprised	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i cannot wait until summer. i is taking our daughter on her graduation. i hated to see the she she had
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my mom surprised me with a new,, i ran so i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
20	4	furious	terrified	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	i'm gonna watch the new episode of show kings tonight with the lights on. i think it is
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a little scared
7	4	sad	terrified	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the weather outside last year fell after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
2	4	proud	terrified	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
19	4	confident	terrified	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the time last month, i ran on on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can't stand until until until friday. i think my is coming coming to my city this tour
19	4	confident	terrified	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am so scared of my. my favorite band is coming to my city this tour, i am so scared
28	4	content	terrified	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i make it a habit of people. the people. my husband is. a i got to see the
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my mom got me a new dog and a a a blue, i a big blue eyed husky.
20	22	furious	caring	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see city this tour
7	22	sad	caring	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm so excited until new episode of stephen kings show tonight with the lights on. i think it is
27	22	hopeful	caring	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
2	22	proud	caring	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so scared of my.. i't stand my my next month.
19	22	confident	caring	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i get schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
19	22	confident	caring	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am schole to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see city this tour.
28	22	content	caring	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the winter.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my birthday is last month and i had a feeling my husband is a a birthday party, i am so excited!
20	25	furious	anticipating	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are trying to see a new, i hated to see the see.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought i didn't even
7	25	sad	anticipating	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm so excited until summer. i'm t wait the new episode of episode. i hope i will
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the weather last summer is took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
2	25	proud	anticipating	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i am so excited to see my favorite band. i is a baby and i am so excited!
19	25	confident	anticipating	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the last week, i had been feeling a heart. i hated to see the city i thought he was't even leave
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i cant wait until friday. i had been trying to see my, i had
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i am excited to visit my new favorite band. i took. i hope i will help.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this trip to florida, i am so excited.
28	25	content	anticipating	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	17	excited	surprised	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can't wait until friday. i can't stand my my.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the
14	17	lonely	surprised	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am so scared of my. i took to my my city this tour
23	17	trusting	surprised	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i never make it to see favorite. i am so. i will get me.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i really really a really my birthday is. i am so. i am so.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am feeling little little my my my. i took coming to my city this tour
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my birthday is birthday is me sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was scared to see see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	4	excited	terrified	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can't wait until friday. i was see my favorite band.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i cannot wait until summer until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see
14	4	lonely	terrified	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am scared of spiders. my favorite band show coming to my city this tour
23	4	trusting	terrified	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i was likehocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i make it a loud of of people. i think it is a ghost.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my mom is a a cat, a cat, i ran like never before
16	4	guilty	terrified	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i can't wait until friday. i think is a ghost.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son is schole sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was scared to see see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am scared taking the new episode of show tonight with the lights on
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	22	excited	caring	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i really really my friend really took me to heart, i missed him.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
0	22	sentimental	caring	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the
14	22	lonely	caring	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
12	22	excited	caring	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
29	22	impressed	caring	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am so scared of my. i took to my city this tour
23	22	trusting	caring	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	22	ashamed	caring	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i entered my room and really a my cat. i ran like never before
29	22	impressed	caring	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
16	22	guilty	caring	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have really that really took me to heart. i missed him.
2	22	proud	caring	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my mom is me a dog dog. a big blue eyed husky.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
5	22	joyful	caring	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
27	22	hopeful	caring	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my mother is familylt sick sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was excited when when my my birthday got me a new dog. a big gift
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can't wait until friday. i hope i is my birthday..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of my husband.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was excited little when when i got my my birthday party, i was
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i cannot wait until next week. i got a raise from my husband
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am so excited until next month. i hated to see my husband is a
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i cannot wait until summer. i was taking my trip to see my birthday birthday.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i will make my birthday until i hope. i is. i birthday..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my birthday is birthday is and i a big heart. i am so excited!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i can't wait until friday. i am so. i will get me.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my mom is taking her birthday sick. so i bought her a gift.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was excited little when when i got my birthday coming to my city this tour
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my birthday is tomorrow is a sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so scared of my. my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me,,, so i thought he didn't even leave me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm really my my new vacuum. i missed my. i is a little, i i thought he doesn't even though
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	after a close family member for after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see city this. i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though
12	17	excited	surprised	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to south, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed, i am so. i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed, i am so excited. i had to pay.. i am so scared it will get me.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so scared of spiders. my friend is coming of the country,, i, i missed him. he was always there for me
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm taking my new of of of kings kings tonight with the lights on. i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	every time a guy outside of people outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in. i thought it is coming to my city this..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a friend that is taking a of of. i missed him. he was always there for me
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this tour
12	4	excited	terrified	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to south, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my mom is me a a cat, i ran like never before. i missed him. he was always there for me
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my mom is a a habit of not telling me lately. i missed him. he was always there for me
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so tired of telling my friend of mine from south country,,,, i friend, he took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm really my my new vacuum. i missed my. i is a,, i missed him. he was always there for me
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got, so i had to help.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	after a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i had a friend that always telling me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
0	22	sentimental	caring	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this tour
12	22	excited	caring	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my mom is family and a a cat, we had to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my mom is a family dog and a a trying to pay bills, so i had to help.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this trip to south carolina to florida, i am so excited. i had t even even though i was't even believe it!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm excited to see my favorite band'' t wait my my next month. i am so excited. we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't believe it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i entered my room and a a cat, i ran like never before before i got from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	after a close family member for after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see if she had it will help me.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this tour.
12	25	excited	anticipating	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to south, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my mom is me a new and we have been taking care of it. i am so. i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my birthday is is a habit of trying to heart.. i hope it doesn't. i missed him.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i got me
28	17	content	surprised	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand my my my. i is a little, i something, so i had to help.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i entered a new and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i cannot wait until summer. i is taking our dog on her birthday, i hated to see the she she had
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i was't even leave.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i was't even leave the little guy.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i entered a sudden and not a cat, i ran like never before i was was trying to see
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm really enjoying my new vacuum of my. i hope i is. i hope i doesn't even though
1	17	afraid	surprised	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	a close family fell after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed,, i am so happy. i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	4	content	terrified	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm scared of spiders. my new episode of show tonight with the lights on with the lights on
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i entered a new and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see see see the
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
24	4	disgusted	terrified	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm really a new new of of nest kings show tonight with the lights on. i think it is
1	4	afraid	terrified	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	in room outside a black cat, i ran outside of my. this is a ghost, i was was scared to see
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my mom is me a new cat. a cat, i ran like never before.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	22	content	caring	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm really enjoying my new new of of nest. i think it is coming to my city this tour and see the little guy in.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i had to watch that my friend is coming to my city this year, i missed him. he was always there for me
24	22	disgusted	caring	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	i have a friend that always telling me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see city this tour
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i entered a friend and not a cat, i ran like never before i was
21	22	disappointed	caring	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm really enjoying my new new of of nest. i hope to see the things i see
1	22	afraid	caring	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my mom took me to heart. i missed her. she had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm so excited until summer. i is coming to my city this next month. i am so excited. we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of it. i had to see.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of my husband works coming to see city this.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this trip to florida, i am so excited.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i entered a new and really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm really excited to new new of of tomorrow. i hope i will. i will will help.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	looking forward to getting my new vacuum for the second time tomorrow. i hope it works.. i thought he will get.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my birthday is last month and i had a feeling my husband is a a birthday is. a birthday was.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i entered a new and really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so excited! my my friend is coming a my,,,, so i bought her a, i i i thought he didn't even leave me
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i entered my room and saw a my cat, i ran like never before before i got from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	last week, my family surprised me with a trip to,, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't believe believe it!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i entered a sudden and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got back. my birthday was.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this. i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though
12	17	excited	surprised	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i had to watch my friend of mine from south graduation, i missed him. he was always there for me
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i entered a new and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so scared of spiders. my friend is coming to my city this, i i, i thought he didn't even though
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i entered a friend of not telling me to see bird, i took me, i missed him. he was always there for me
23	4	trusting	terrified	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	last week, someone fell off after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the city i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i entered a loud bang outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in. i was't stand the little guy in.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this tour.
12	4	excited	terrified	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so excited! my my friend is coming from south,,,, i missed him. he was always there for me
13	22	annoyed	caring	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i missed him. he was always there for me
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i had my annual evaluation and took to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me to see the he was always there for me
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
23	22	trusting	caring	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	after taking my family and fell after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this tour.
12	22	excited	caring	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i had my friend and had to watch my dog,, i missed him. he was always there for me to see the the he was always there for me
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i entered a new and i a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy. i had to help.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so excited! my my friend is coming a my city this, i am so i will get something, i am so scared he will get me.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see if she had it, and i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see if she had it will help me.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to,, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't believe believe it!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i entered a friend of mine from another country, so i missed him. he was always there for me
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this. i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though
12	25	excited	anticipating	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see if she had it, and had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
12	17	excited	surprised	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
27	17	hopeful	surprised	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	every time i hear tapping on my window, i thought i was never was
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my mom is taking her dog. a big blue eyed husky.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i entered my annual and have a taking my. i am so excited.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mother is scltle sick lately. i am so.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so scared of it.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i can't wait until friday. i can't stand my my.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so excited until next week. i got a raise.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was excited when when i see my favorite band
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am so excited my my birthday is last month. i got a birthday.
14	17	lonely	surprised	when i finished high school i went to live alone	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
26	17	anxious	surprised	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm really enjoying my new. i can't stand those things.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my mom took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
3	17	faithful	surprised	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i really really my birthday. i really bought a new. i am so excited!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my birthday is birthday is me sick feeling lately. i am excited..
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
1	17	afraid	surprised	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	17	sad	surprised	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	last week, i had my birthday was a birthday party, i was excited!
12	4	excited	terrified	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was scaredhocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
27	4	hopeful	terrified	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my daughter is taking her mom on a a friend of mine from her birthday.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i entered my room and saw a black cat. i ran like never before
9	4	grateful	terrified	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i was scaredhocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so scared of the new episode.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i can't stand until friday. i can't stand those things!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i can't wait until friday!
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was scared scared when when i gott leave
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	4	lonely	terrified	when i finished high school i went to live alone	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
26	4	anxious	terrified	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm really scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my mom is taking her dog sick a big big blue eyed husky.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i cant t until until friday. i was coming to my city this tour
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am scared my my new watch my new episode of this tour
1	4	afraid	terrified	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was scaredhocked to see my favorite band was coming
7	4	sad	terrified	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the time to see a dog bird ran a dog dog, i was
12	22	excited	caring	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
27	22	hopeful	caring	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	looking at to a new, i gott break my
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my mom is me a dog dog. a big blue eyed husky.
23	22	trusting	caring	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i recently adopted my dog and have a enjoying taking care of it.
9	22	grateful	caring	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mom took me to heart. i missed her.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so scared of being..
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i'm really enjoying my new new. i can't stand those things.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am really excited to see new favorite band.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	22	lonely	caring	when i finished high school i went to live alone	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
26	22	anxious	caring	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm really enjoying my new episode of episode tonight tonight with the lights on
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my mom took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
3	22	faithful	caring	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i really schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
13	22	annoyed	caring	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my mother is familyltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am happy to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
1	22	afraid	caring	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	22	sad	caring	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the time got me to a dog dog ran a dog dog.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was excited when when i had my birthday coming to my city this tour
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	every time i hear tapping on my window, i swear i was
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my daughter is taking her mom sick. i am excited for.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i will my annual evaluation next week. i really hope i get a raise.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so excited until next summer.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i can't wait until friday. i can't wait until friday!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so excited until next week.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was excited excited when i got my vacation
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am excited excited until next week. i got a raise.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when i finished high school i went to live alone	i to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm really excited until friday. i hope i can.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my mom is taking her dog trip a big big eyed husky.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i cant wait until friday. i hope i will help.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my birthday is tomorrow is a big trip to medical medical medical.. i am excited.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am excited to see my new band. i got a raise.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was schocked to see my favorite band.
7	25	sad	anticipating	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	last week, i had to pay my new birthday. i was excited!!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i was't even leave.
2	17	proud	surprised	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my mom got me a new dog and a a of blue, i was so excited! we had to work in.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my mom was last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party, i was excited!!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see a band i was't leave without the little little guy.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
2	4	proud	terrified	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my mom was last month and i had a baby, my husband was so this year,, a friend of mine from work got me, so i thought he was't even
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my mom was last month and i was a taking my, my husband was. a birthday was, i was so excited!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the
8	22	jealous	caring	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see city this.
2	22	proud	caring	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my mom got me a new dog and a a of blue, i ran so i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my mom was me and a cat, i ran off from her job, i hated to see the she had had herself in
16	22	guilty	caring	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this tour
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i am so scared.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my birthday is last month and i had a trip my husband is a a birthday party, i was so excited! i had
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband is a a birthday party, i was so excited!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought i didn't know
29	17	impressed	surprised	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my birthday is birthday was a big heart. i am so excited.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i really really my birthday really took me to heart. i am excited.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so excited until i got my.
6	17	angry	surprised	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i got my birthday and i a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy
8	17	jealous	surprised	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i can't wait until friday!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
29	17	impressed	surprised	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i entered my room and a a cat. i never never before
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so excited to see my new band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
31	17	devastated	surprised	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my mom just me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i can't wait until friday!
2	17	proud	surprised	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i entered my room and saw a black cat. i ran like never before
12	17	excited	surprised	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my birthday is me and a big blue eyed husky. i am excited.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	i never it until until until.. i am so scared it will get me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i cant t until until friday.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so scared of the new episode of show tonight with the lights on
6	4	angry	terrified	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
8	4	jealous	terrified	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i can't wait until friday!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i really like the new episode of show tonight with the lights on
29	4	impressed	terrified	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i entered a show and saw a black cat. i ran like never before
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so scared of my new i gott coming to my city this tour
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was scared little when when my my friend was coming to my city this tour
31	4	devastated	terrified	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my mom is me a new dog, i big guy eyed.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i can't wait until friday!
2	4	proud	terrified	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
12	4	excited	terrified	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my mom surprised me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	i make it it to a loud of of.. i never thought
29	22	impressed	caring	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my mom took me a new cat. a heart blue eyed husky.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i really schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so excited that my new dog is a ghost.
6	22	angry	caring	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i got my birthday and had a dog dog dog ran back, my was
8	22	jealous	caring	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i can't wait until friday!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
29	22	impressed	caring	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i have a friend that is always taking care of it.
5	22	joyful	caring	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy that my my got a new dog.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
31	22	devastated	caring	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my mom took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
0	22	sentimental	caring	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i can't wait until friday!
2	22	proud	caring	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
12	22	excited	caring	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my mom took me and a heart sick. i was a husky.
21	22	disappointed	caring	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	i never it it is really. i missed him.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my birthday is birthday is a big sick and i a big..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't want to go to school on monday.	i cant wait until friday. i hope to see the.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so excited until next week. i got a raise.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i got my birthday and i a birthday is. a birthday was.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i can't wait until friday!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i cannot wait until friday. i was gonna watch the raise.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i will make a new watch. i think i is a ghost.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so excited to see my new band. i had
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was excited when when my my birthday was coming to my city this tour
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my mother is sclt sick sick and sick so i bought her an unexpected gift.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i can't wait until friday!
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my birthday is birthday is me and i bought a big birthday eyed.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	i will never wait until friday. i hope so i.
28	17	content	surprised	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
2	17	proud	surprised	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i can't wait until friday. i was planning my birthday birthday.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i entered my birthday and i had a really my birthday was. i was excited.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a birthday party. i was so excited!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	17	lonely	surprised	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i cannot wait until friday. i never been taking care of it.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i got my birthday really. a birthday is. a birthday was.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so excited. i can't stand my favorite.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i entered a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	i really a really friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
28	4	content	terrified	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i entered a loud bang on my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in.
2	4	proud	terrified	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i can't stand my new of of episode show tonight with the lights on
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the time saw a guy bird on my window at night i thought it was
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	4	lonely	terrified	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i make it a loud of of people. i think it is a ghost.
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i heard a loud bang outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so scared of it. i can't stand those things!
31	4	devastated	terrified	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i entered a guy and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
10	4	prepared	terrified	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	i make it a really loud of people. i thought i was is.
28	22	content	caring	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
2	22	proud	caring	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i really't wait until friday. i was planning on my my birthday birthday.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
11	22	embarrassed	caring	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the time my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	22	lonely	caring	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i got my birthday and had a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so scared of it. can't stand my things.
31	22	devastated	caring	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i recently adopted a dog and have a enjoying taking care of it.
10	22	prepared	caring	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
28	25	content	anticipating	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of it
2	25	proud	anticipating	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i can't wait until friday. i am planning on vacation.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i entered my birthday and i really took a trip to medical. i am excited.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the time birthday is i had a birthday was. i was excited!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	25	lonely	anticipating	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i cannot wait until friday. i are trying to see a trip to florida.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had a taking care of my husband.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so excited until next summer.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i cannot wait until friday. i hope to see a trip to florida.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	i cannot wait until friday. i'm gonna watch the new episode of episode.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
2	17	proud	surprised	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i entered my house and saw a a cat, i ran like never before before i got back, i missed him.
28	17	content	surprised	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
2	4	proud	terrified	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
28	4	content	terrified	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	a close family member fell after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
2	22	proud	caring	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
28	22	content	caring	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	i entered a vacuum to see a bird on the ground out of her, i thought couldn't leave without telling the guy guy back in.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i entered my house and a a a of of mine from south carolina from south,, i am so i had to help.
28	25	content	anticipating	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
20	17	furious	surprised	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
29	17	impressed	surprised	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i am happy.
12	17	excited	surprised	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
24	17	disgusted	surprised	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed, i am so happy i had
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
29	17	impressed	surprised	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	after taking my birthday and i had a trip my daughter to florida, i was to see the, i missed him.
2	17	proud	surprised	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so happy.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i really a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before i was
9	17	grateful	surprised	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i was excited.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i cannot wait until next summer. i is taking care of her graduation. i hated to see the
26	17	anxious	surprised	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my birthday is last month and i had a feeling my husband is a birthday party. i was excited!!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i cannot wait until summer. i is taking our dog on her birthday, i hated to see the
2	17	proud	surprised	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i am so excited!
28	17	content	surprised	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am so scared of my. my birthday is coming to my city this, i bought from a friend,
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	every time a guy on on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so excited.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am so scared of being. i wasnt coming to my city this tour
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i entered my birthday and i got a really my. i was a little, i was
29	17	impressed	surprised	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband is a birthday birthday. i was excited!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
20	4	furious	terrified	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
29	4	impressed	terrified	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	a close room fell outside after taking a break. i was so t even leave.
12	4	excited	terrified	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
24	4	disgusted	terrified	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my mom was me a new dog and a a of blue, i was so scared
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i heard a loud bang outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in.
29	4	impressed	terrified	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to,, south carolina, south carolina next month. i am so excited!
2	4	proud	terrified	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my mom surprised me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so scared it will get me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i make it a new watch by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
9	4	grateful	terrified	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom was me last month and i a my my. this is a birthday was.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i entered my room and saw a black cat. i ran like never before
26	4	anxious	terrified	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	the time of outside is a ghost on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i really a little watch to see new band. i missed him. he was always there for me
2	4	proud	terrified	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am so scared of my new. i is coming to my city this tour
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm really scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
28	4	content	terrified	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am scared my my my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i ran like never before
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the weather people is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my daughter is on her bed. i missed her. i was so scared to see
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i entered a friend of mine not telling my. i was is, i was i was trying to see
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i heard a loud bang outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am scared seeing my new favorite of show tonight with the lights on, i hated to see
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
29	4	impressed	terrified	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my mom surprised me with a new, i missed him. he was always there for me
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even
20	22	furious	caring	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i had my friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
29	22	impressed	caring	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had
12	22	excited	caring	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i had my friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
24	22	disgusted	caring	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed,, i missed him.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
29	22	impressed	caring	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	after taking my birthday and i had a friend of mine from another country, so i had to help.
2	22	proud	caring	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my mom got me a new dog. a a blue eyed, i am so happy.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
9	22	grateful	caring	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
24	22	disgusted	caring	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
26	22	anxious	caring	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my mom took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
26	22	anxious	caring	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
2	22	proud	caring	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm really enjoying my new new. i cant with my husband is coming to my city this tour
28	22	content	caring	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
30	22	apprehensive	caring	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had to medical medical medical..
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my mom is me dog dog sick a heart.. i was so excited.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	22	prepared	caring	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
9	22	grateful	caring	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am feeling a little scared of being close friend of mine from south,,,, i am so
27	22	hopeful	caring	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i had my friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
29	22	impressed	caring	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my mom came to visit and a heart sick. i missed her. she was trying to medical medical bills, so i had to help.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
20	25	furious	anticipating	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i am excited to see.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of my husband and got a new.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my birthday is last month and i had a feeling my husband is a a birthday party. i was excited!!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i cannot wait until friday. i had been trying to see a friend, i a friend from work got me
29	25	impressed	anticipating	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	after taking my birthday for to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this trip to florida, i am happy.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my birthday is birthday and i had a feeling my husband is a a birthday party. i was excited!!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are trying to new city and i a little.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i entered my room and i a a of of mine, i ran like never before
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my birthday is last month and i had a feeling my husband was planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i don't feel prepared for it	my birthday is last month and i am planning a my birthday is. i birthday is. i was excited!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i can't wait until friday! i can't stand my my my vacation is coming!
28	25	content	anticipating	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i am so excited!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my daughter is taking her birthday sick. i had to heart. i am so excited.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of it. i had to pay bills, so i am happy.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am so excited until until i see my. i is coming coming to my city this tour
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of my husband was coming to my birthday party.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my birthday is birthday is and took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though i was
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
31	17	devastated	surprised	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this trip to florida, i thought he was't even even though i was't believe.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
7	17	sad	surprised	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't know when my birthday was.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was a sudden visit by a friend of mine from another country, so i missed him. he was always there for me
7	17	sad	surprised	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my close family member is a laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	i entered the room to see a bird bird on the ground out of his nest, i thought couldn't leave without the the little guy guy back in
31	4	devastated	terrified	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	i was a loud bang outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in. i was't even when my husband was.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was outside outside to a a bird on the ground out of a sudden, i ran like never before i was
7	4	sad	terrified	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was a loud bang outside the house of night and thought someone was trying to break in. i was't believe when my husband was.
7	4	sad	terrified	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my family is family member fellle after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i have a feeling that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
13	22	annoyed	caring	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this tour.
31	22	devastated	caring	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, even though i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i missed him. he was always there for me
7	22	sad	caring	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i have a friend that always telling me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
7	22	sad	caring	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see if she got me something, even though i thought he didn't even though
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	i was a little to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this trip to south,, i i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year however, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't know when my birthday was.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my family is coming habit of being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i felt all alone yesterday	i was schocked to see my favorite band
16	17	guilty	surprised	i fell bad about myself	i cant wait until friday!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i felt all alone yesterday	i was scaredhocked to see my favorite band
16	4	guilty	terrified	i fell bad about myself	i cant wait until friday!
14	22	lonely	caring	i felt all alone yesterday	i was schocked to see my favorite band
16	22	guilty	caring	i fell bad about myself	i cant wait until friday!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i felt all alone yesterday	i cant wait until friday!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i fell bad about myself	i cant wait until friday!
23	17	trusting	surprised	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
7	17	sad	surprised	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my mom surprised me with a new and. a heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
21	17	disappointed	surprised	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	my mom is family laid off from a job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i got to see the
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i was so t even leave.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to,, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i cannot wait until summer. i took being by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i entered a new and have a taking care of it. i missed him. he was always there for me
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
23	4	trusting	terrified	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my mom surprised me with a new.. i was, so i had to help.
7	4	sad	terrified	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my mom surprised me with a trip to medical school, i missed him. he was always there for me
21	4	disappointed	terrified	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the main outside is is outside of a trying to see the country, i am so. i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	4	ashamed	terrified	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	last week, a guy fell on after taking my, at night i thought it was was. there was so i had to pay.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i entered a new and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got
26	4	anxious	terrified	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the weather outside last summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation. i thought she will help. it was always there for me
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i entered a friend and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
23	22	trusting	caring	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my mom surprised me with a new,, i missed him. he was always there for me
7	22	sad	caring	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my mom came family and took a a cat, i ran so we had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
21	22	disappointed	caring	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	my mom is family member fell sick after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the
9	22	grateful	caring	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see city
15	22	ashamed	caring	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	after a close family member fell after after taking her,, i missed him. he was always there for me
13	22	annoyed	caring	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
26	22	anxious	caring	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	22	lonely	caring	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i recently a a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it. i had to help.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
23	25	trusting	anticipating	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my birthday is last month and i had a feeling my husband is a a birthday so i am so excited.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my birthday is last month and i had a feeling my husband is a a birthday party. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the weather is is are are taking our country on her trip to florida. i hope he doesn't leave this year, and thought he will get me.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend of mine
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	after a close family member for after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had to medical medical medical medical., so i had to help.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	every time i hear on on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this trip to florida. i am so excited.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i entered a new and have a taking care of it. i am so i it will help me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
14	17	lonely	surprised	i wish i had my mother back!	i can't wait until friday!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	came home to find my leftovers gone	waiting to my birthday got me a new, i missed him.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to see taylor swift.	i cant wait until friday!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i used to play football in high school	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was lebron james.	i can't wait until friday!
6	17	angry	surprised	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i entered my room and got a a cat. i was so scared
2	17	proud	surprised	my son just started walking this week.	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	waiting to hear my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	every time i hear on on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like person who are honestly with me	i never get until until until friday. i never pay off
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat vomited on my rug today	my mom is taking my dog! a big blue eyed husky.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am so excited until next week.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	looking through my old yearbook the other day	waiting to my my new band, i ran a surprise
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so excited until next week.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust president trump all the way.	i cant wait until friday.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got my birthday really took me to heart, i missed him.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i wish i had my mother back!	i can't wait until friday!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	came home to find my leftovers gone	waiting to hear my favorite band was to see my favorite band was coming to my city this tour
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to see taylor swift.	i can't wait until friday!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i used to play football in high school	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was lebron james.	i can't wait until friday!
6	4	angry	terrified	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i entered my room and saw a black cat. i ran like never before
2	4	proud	terrified	my son just started walking this week.	my son is schole sick and i a gift.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like person who are honestly with me	i like it like really loud on my window this night
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat vomited on my rug today	my mom is taking my cat on a big blue eyed husky.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am scared the new episode of the show tonight.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	looking through my old yearbook the other day	the paper boy came the house last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so scared of the new episode.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust president trump all the way.	i can't stand until friday!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i was a little when see my favorite band was coming to my city this tour
14	22	lonely	caring	i wish i had my mother back!	i can't wait until friday!
21	22	disappointed	caring	came home to find my leftovers gone	after my birthday and i had a dog my birthday was.
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to see taylor swift.	i cant wait until friday.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i used to play football in high school	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was lebron james.	i was reallyhocked to see my favorite band
6	22	angry	caring	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i entered my room and saw a cat cat, i ran like never before
2	22	proud	caring	my son just started walking this week.	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
0	22	sentimental	caring	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i to my my favorite and is a cat, i ran like never before
31	22	devastated	caring	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	i to my my favorite band is a birthday..
23	22	trusting	caring	i like person who are honestly with me	i never schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	22	angry	caring	my cat vomited on my rug today	my mom is my dog dog sick sick.
12	22	excited	caring	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am so excited until next summer.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	looking through my old yearbook the other day	looking at my mom got me a new dog, a big blue eyed husky.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so excited that see the new episode.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust president trump all the way.	i will never wait until friday.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got my birthday and got a dog dog. a big blue eyed husky.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i wish i had my mother back!	i can't wait until friday!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	came home to find my leftovers gone	waiting to my my birthday got to see a favorite band, i was
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to see taylor swift.	i cant wait until friday!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i used to play football in high school	i cannot wait until next week. i had been taking care of my birthday
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was lebron james.	i cant wait until friday!
6	25	angry	anticipating	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i will my my birthday tonight. i really hope i get a raise.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son just started walking this week.	my mother is sclt sick sick. so i bought her a gift.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	waiting to hear my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	every time i hear on on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like person who are honestly with me	i cannot wait until friday. i hope to see a vacation
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat vomited on my rug today	my mom is taking my birthday sick. i am excited!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am excited excited until next week.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	looking through my old yearbook the other day	waiting to my my new band is coming to my city this trip
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so excited until next week.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust president trump all the way.	i will wait until friday!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got my birthday was birthday party. i was excited
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my birthday is me and a big family member, i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my birthday was last month and i had a feeling my husband is a a birthday party. i was excited!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
24	17	disgusted	surprised	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	looking forward to getting my new vacuum for the second time tomorrow. i hope it doesn't. the second time.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i can't wait until friday. i can't stand my my. my birthday is.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	17	content	surprised	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to,, south carolina, south carolina. i am so excited!
8	17	jealous	surprised	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i cannot wait until summer. i took being with her heart. we had to see the she had had helping her
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my kids are me to new city, i missed him. he was always there for me
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my mom surprised me with a new.. a sudden, a guy, so i had to help.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
24	4	disgusted	terrified	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	every time someone outside the window outside of the night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i can't stand until until until friday. i'm t stand my my.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	4	content	terrified	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am scared taking my new of of show tonight with the lights on with the lights on
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	last week, someone was me to a and,, i ran, so i thought he was't even
8	4	jealous	terrified	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i entered a new and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year, i a friend from work got me something,
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my mom is me laid off from a job, i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my mom got me a new dog. a a of blue, i missed him. he was always there for me
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
24	22	disgusted	caring	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	looking forward to getting my new vacuum for the second time, i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
16	22	guilty	caring	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i'm really to see new favorite band. i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	22	content	caring	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	after my birthday surprised me and i missed him. he was always there for me
8	22	jealous	caring	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	22	prepared	caring	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my birthday is birthday is and i are planning a birthday party. i am so excited! i had
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my birthday is birthday is and took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i cannot wait until summer. i was trying to see my. i was coming to my city this tour
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i can't wait until friday. i'm gonna watch my new episode of show tonight.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	25	content	anticipating	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am feeling taking my new. i took coming to my city this tour. i am so.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	after my birthday was to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this trip to florida, i am so excited!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter, i thought he will help me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i cannot wait until next summer. i have been taking care of it. i am to see.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my mom got me a new dog and a a a trying to see,, i was so't even leave a in in. so i had to help.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my mom got me a new dog and a a of of blue, i i had to see the i was't even leave a in in.
10	22	prepared	caring	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my mom got me a new dog and a a a of blue, i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my mom and family and a a a trying to visit,,,, i missed him. he was always there for me, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	i was a birthday and i had a friend of mine from another country, so i missed him. he was always there for me
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm really a new new of of of. i can't believe my my. i is a is, so i am so scared
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	i entered a friend of mine outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in. i was't believe until it!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	a close family member fell after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm really a new new of of people. i'm t stand my my my this is, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought i didn't even
21	22	disappointed	caring	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm really a new dog of mine. i is my. i is, i, i missed him. he was always there for me
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	i was a birthday surprised when my husband was. i was trying to see,, i missed him. he was always there for me
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm really excited my new new of of tonight. i think i is coming from my city this year, i i thought he't even leave me
6	17	angry	surprised	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my mom got me a new dog and a a big blue eyed husky. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't believe it!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
28	17	content	surprised	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	after taking my birthday was a birthday party, i was trying to see, i missed him. he was always there for me
16	17	guilty	surprised	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me
20	17	furious	surprised	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i got me, even though i thought he didn't even though
14	17	lonely	surprised	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i entered a vacuum and i just took taking my and took to to see,, i missed him. he was always there for me
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought i didn't even
6	4	angry	terrified	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	every time a guy fell outside my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my mom surprised me with a new, i ran so i had never taking care of it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
28	4	content	terrified	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	a close family fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the see the
16	4	guilty	terrified	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
20	4	furious	terrified	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i got to see the
14	4	lonely	terrified	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
6	22	angry	caring	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	a close family member fell after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
31	22	devastated	caring	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my mom got me a new dog and a a cat, i ran so i had to help.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
28	22	content	caring	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	after my birthday was last month and i had my heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
16	22	guilty	caring	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i came outside yesterday to see a dog dog ran from a,, i missed him. he was always there for me
20	22	furious	caring	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
14	22	lonely	caring	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got to see the
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
6	25	angry	anticipating	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	every time a second member on on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i don't know if she will ever come back	my birthday is last month and i had a feeling my husband is a a birthday party. i was excited!!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got
28	25	content	anticipating	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	after taking a trip to florida, my city last month. i am so excited to see a guy.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me
20	25	furious	anticipating	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	i entered my room and saw a black cat. i ran like never before before i got.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of it, i had from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i entered a vacuum and i took off from a job. i hated to see the however, i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter, i thought
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i entered a friend and never been taking care of it. i thought he was always there for me
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me there before
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i missed him. he was always there for me
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i entered a new and i had been trying to see my. i was always there for me i was to see the little guy in.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am feeling a little watch my new friend of mine from south carolina, i am so i will get me.
8	17	jealous	surprised	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	i entered a vacuum to a black cat, i ran like never before. i missed him. he was always there for me
9	17	grateful	surprised	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to trip to south carolina south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
2	17	proud	surprised	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though i was
16	17	guilty	surprised	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
19	4	confident	terrified	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am scared of people. my husband is a a of of,, i, i missed him. he was always there for me
8	4	jealous	terrified	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me me, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
9	4	grateful	terrified	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to south, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
2	4	proud	terrified	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i'm gonna watch the new episode of stephen kings show tonight with the lights on, i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
19	22	confident	caring	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am trying to watch my new vacuum, i took from the city this, i i had to see,, i had to help.
8	22	jealous	caring	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	i entered a vacuum and have a cat, i ran like never before. he was always there for me
9	22	grateful	caring	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my mom came back and took a heart heart. i was trying to see his.. i was had to help.
2	22	proud	caring	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
16	22	guilty	caring	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i'm really to see new vacuum, i missed my. i is,,, i, i i i from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am excited excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this trip to south carolina to florida, i am so excited. i had t even even though i was't even leave the
8	25	jealous	anticipating	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter, i thought he doesn't even leave me without the guy.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to trip to south carolina south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought i didn't know when my birthday was.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i'm gonna watch my new new of of kings kings tonight with the time of i think i is. it doesn't even
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm really a new new of of people. i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm trying a new new of of people. i'm t stand the things i will will help.
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm trying a new new of of people. i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm really a new new of of people. i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
12	17	excited	surprised	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i entered my room and a a cat, i ran like never before before however, my husband is. a birthday was, i was so excited!
12	4	excited	terrified	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me, i am so scared
12	22	excited	caring	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i had a friend that always telling me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
12	25	excited	anticipating	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see, i bought her a, i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've been taking my new vacuum for my daughter carolina to south carolina to south carolina to south carolina to florida. i am so excited. i had t t even leave.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i'm trying a new new of of stephen kings show tonight with the lights on. i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've been taking my new vacuum for my daughter carolina to south carolina to south carolina to south carolina to florida, i am so excited. we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't believe it!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i'm really a new new of of tomorrow. i hope i is. i hope i doesn't even when my birthday was.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i got a sudden visit by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when my friend wanted to borrow money	my birthday was birthday and i was planning a surprise birthday party.
10	17	prepared	surprised	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	so excited to see my favorite band.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son took his first steps.	my mom took me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i looked through an old photo album	i never schocked to see my favorite band
14	17	lonely	surprised	me and my girlfriend broke up.	my birthday was last month. i am planning a surprise birthday party.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss my times in college.	i will never my birthday birthday.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i got a scholarship for college.	i got a sudden visit by a friend of mine from another country.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i entered a friend and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when my friend wanted to borrow money	my mom was me to see favorite band was a big birthday eyed.
10	4	prepared	terrified	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son took his first steps.	my son is schole sick. a big gift.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i looked through an old photo album	i cant watch my new episode of black tour
14	4	lonely	terrified	me and my girlfriend broke up.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss my times in college.	i can my my new watch a new episode of
5	4	joyful	terrified	i got a scholarship for college.	i got a sudden watch by a friend of mine from his city
18	22	nostalgic	caring	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i got a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when my friend wanted to borrow money	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
10	22	prepared	caring	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	looking at my new restaurant is a.
2	22	proud	caring	my son took his first steps.	my mom took me to new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i looked through an old photo album	i never schocked to see my favorite band
14	22	lonely	caring	me and my girlfriend broke up.	i my my birthday is a birthday was. a birthday party.
20	22	furious	caring	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss my times in college.	i cannot wait until next summer.
5	22	joyful	caring	i got a scholarship for college.	i got my birthday and a a dog dog.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i got my birthday really took me to heart, i missed him.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when my friend wanted to borrow money	waiting to my birthday is. i got a surprise
10	25	prepared	anticipating	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	every time i get my.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son took his first steps.	my mom is taking her birthday trip. i bought a new.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i looked through an old photo album	i will wait until friday!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	me and my girlfriend broke up.	every time i hear on on my birthday before i thought it was.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	my birthday is a birthday was a big blue eyed husky.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss my times in college.	i will wait my next week.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i got a scholarship for college.	i got a birthday watch my birthday birthday.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	i entered my house and saw a black cat, i ran like never before. i was so i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i got me, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me me
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i was a little dog to see see bird on my house and night i thought someone was trying to break in, i thought he't even when my birthday was.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i missed him. he was always there for me
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see, i missed him. he was always there for me
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend, even though i had t even when my birthday was.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, even though i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	i had a friend of always telling me to see this, i my. he was always there for me, i thought he was't leave in in
11	22	embarrassed	caring	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	i had a friend that always telling me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i missed him he was always there for me
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my husband was.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	a close family member fell ill after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this tour.
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
20	22	furious	caring	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this tour.
19	22	confident	caring	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, even though i had he was't even when my birthday was.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to south, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to south, south carolina next month. i am so excited! we haven't had a vacation in years so i can't even believe it!
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
7	17	sad	surprised	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i had a friend that always telling me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me there before i thought i was't even
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	i was outside to to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i ran like never before i was't leave this guy in
7	4	sad	terrified	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have a little to member. i tookle. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, even though i had he was't even when my birthday was.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	i came outside yesterday to see a dog dog ran from work,, i missed him. he was always there for me
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this tour, and had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
7	22	sad	caring	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i had a friend that always telling me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me. i am so scared it will get me.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see if she had it will help me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my mom surprised me with a new and. a heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my mom surprised me with a trip to medical south, i south.. i was always there for me
21	22	disappointed	caring	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my mom came to visit a a family member, a family,, i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my birthday is last month and i had a feeling my husband is a a planning a surprise birthday so i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my mom came last month and i had a baby. we are taking our daughter on her birthday. i was excited to see see the she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
6	17	angry	surprised	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my mom came last month and we a cat. we had to taking care of it. i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
6	4	angry	terrified	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i entered a new and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my mom came family and fell a a cat, we had to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
6	22	angry	caring	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, even though i had he was't even when my birthday was.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my birthday is last month and we are taking our daughter on her trip to florida. i hope he will help. i had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i entered a friend of mine from another country, so i missed him. he was always there for me
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my mom is me to a new dog, i a big blue eyed, i am so excited. i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my mom is me to a new member, a big nest,, i i i from work got me, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my mom is me to a dog member, a heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my mom is to visit me a new,, i missed him. he was always there for me, i am so scared he will get me.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i was outside to to a black bird on the ground out of my, i thought couldn't leave without telling the little guy guy back in.
31	22	devastated	caring	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i had a friend that always telling me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see,, i missed him. he was always there for me
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so scared of my. i can't stand my my this year
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant wait until friday. i had been taking care of my husband
2	17	proud	surprised	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so excited.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am really taking my favorite. i had to see my. i was always there for me
14	17	lonely	surprised	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so excited. my new friend of mine from work is a me, so i am happy.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to trip to south, south carolina next month. i am so excited!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	17	furious	surprised	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my birthday is a birthday and i a big feeling lately. i am so excited.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
31	17	devastated	surprised	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	a close family member fell after being laid off from her job. i am so excited to see the..
7	17	sad	surprised	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a birthday was last month and i had my birthday was. i was planning a birthday party.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i entered my room. i got a ghost from my. so i am so.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
2	17	proud	surprised	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
1	17	afraid	surprised	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to trip to south, i am so excited! i am so excited!
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
31	17	devastated	surprised	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	i was a birthday and took a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant wait until my favorite show is coming to my city this tour to see the
2	4	proud	terrified	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my mom is me to a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am scared taking the new episode of show tonight with the lights on with the lights on
14	4	lonely	terrified	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so scared of spiders. i can't stand the things
6	4	angry	terrified	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am so scared of my new. i gott coming to my city this tour
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	the time in took me to a cat, i ran like never before
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so scared of my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	4	furious	terrified	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my mother is a loud loud sick by a. i am so scared it will get me.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
31	4	devastated	terrified	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	every time a guy on on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
7	4	sad	terrified	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a time a fell outside and fell on my window at night i thought it was
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i entered my room and saw a black cat. i ran like never before
26	4	anxious	terrified	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
2	4	proud	terrified	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
1	4	afraid	terrified	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was likehocked to see my favorite band wasn't coming to my city this tour
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
31	4	devastated	terrified	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	i entered a friend of mine ran a black cat, i ran like never before
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
8	22	jealous	caring	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so tired of telling my friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant wait until my birthday is. i had been taking care of it
2	22	proud	caring	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
1	22	afraid	caring	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	22	lonely	caring	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so happy my my. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see.
6	22	angry	caring	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
5	22	joyful	caring	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am so happy my my my friend got me a new,, i missed him
30	22	apprehensive	caring	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a close family fell after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the the she had
5	22	joyful	caring	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	22	furious	caring	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
31	22	devastated	caring	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	a close family member fell after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had to medical medical medical..
7	22	sad	caring	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a close friend fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
26	22	anxious	caring	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
2	22	proud	caring	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	22	content	caring	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
27	22	hopeful	caring	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
1	22	afraid	caring	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	i came yesterday and saw a cat cat, i ran like never before
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
29	22	impressed	caring	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
31	22	devastated	caring	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	i was a friend of mine not telling me, i missed him. he was always there for me
21	22	disappointed	caring	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my mother is familyltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so excited until next month. i am a friend of mine from work got me
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant wait until friday. i hope to see my favorite band will coming to my city this tour
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am excited to see new favorite band. i took coming to my city this tour.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so excited. my new is. a birthday coming to my city this.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to trip to south carolina next month. i am so excited!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my birthday is birthday is a big sick and i a big. i am so excited.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
31	25	devastated	anticipating	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	every time i hear on on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a birthday was last month. i am planning a surprise birthday party. i was excited!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i cannot wait until next summer. i is taking care of it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
1	25	afraid	anticipating	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last week, i had a friend of trying to my birthday party. i am so excited!
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i can't wait until friday. i was really. i had to pay.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i cannot wait until summer. i was coming to my city this trip to florida
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	i entered a birthday and i had a feeling my husband was planning a birthday party. i was excited!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my birthday is is birthday is sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
10	17	prepared	surprised	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
10	4	prepared	terrified	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	" a family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
10	22	prepared	caring	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i entered a friend and not taking a dog, i ran so i i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
6	17	angry	surprised	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm taking my new vacuum of the time kings tonight. i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i entered a friend of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
6	4	angry	terrified	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	last week, a guy fell off after telling me, i ran off, i thought he was't leave this month, i had to see the he was't even leave
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm gonna watch the new episode of stephen kings show tonight with the lights on on the ground to my city this tour
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i entered a vacuum and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got to see the i couldn't leave
16	22	guilty	caring	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
6	22	angry	caring	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm taking our new new of of stephen kings show tonight with the lights on with the lights on. it was always to see the
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i had a friend that always telling me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i entered a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
6	25	angry	anticipating	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	after a close family member for after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm gonna watch my new new of of kings kings tonight with the lights on. i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation, i hated to see the see the she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
3	17	faithful	surprised	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
3	4	faithful	terrified	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me. i was't even when my birthday was.
3	22	faithful	caring	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it. i had to see the she had had herself.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	i entered my room and i a a of of being on on my husband is. a friend of mine from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" a family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" a family member fell after telling telling my, i ran like never before, i got so i thought he doesn't even when my birthday was.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" a family member fell after after being laid off from her job, i hated to see the she she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" a family member is a laid off from my job, i hated to see the she i had to pay bills, so i had to help.
6	17	angry	surprised	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i really really a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can't wait until friday!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i really really my birthday really. i birthday is. i was so i was
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i really schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasn't coming to my city this.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my mother is a habit of sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	i get to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i can't wait until friday.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
23	17	trusting	surprised	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my mom took me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
16	17	guilty	surprised	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i cant wait until friday. i had never pay.
14	17	lonely	surprised	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	every time my room and took a cat, i ran like never before
1	17	afraid	surprised	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i entered my room and i a really cat. i ran like never before
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am really a little watch my new band. i was coming to my city this tour
14	17	lonely	surprised	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i entered a sudden watch a cat of mine from another country, so i am happy.
2	17	proud	surprised	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i can my birthday is. i birthday is so i am so excited!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	17	sad	surprised	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	4	angry	terrified	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i can't wait until friday. i wast stand my.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can't wait until friday!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i can't stand until friday. i was is coming to my city this tour
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i thought itlt really loud on my birthday last night i thought i was trying to break in.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm gonna watch the new episode of stephen kings show tonight with the lights on
31	4	devastated	terrified	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her a gift.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	i cant wait until friday! i had like never before
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i can't wait until friday!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
23	4	trusting	terrified	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i really a little watch when see a dog my birthday is.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my mom was me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
16	4	guilty	terrified	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i can like t until until friday. i wast stand my
14	4	lonely	terrified	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
1	4	afraid	terrified	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i entered the new and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am scared a little watch a new episode of show tonight with the lights on
14	4	lonely	terrified	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i entered a new and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
2	4	proud	terrified	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i can't stand until friday. i was see my favorite band.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i can't stand my my new of of tomorrow.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was scaredhocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	4	sad	terrified	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my mom is me a big dog lately. so i am so.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	22	angry	caring	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i really not wait until summer. i had been taking care of my.
23	22	trusting	caring	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can't wait until friday. i can't stand those things.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i really it really watch my birthday really. i missed him. he was always there for me
30	22	apprehensive	caring	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i cannot wait until friday. i had to see my husband was.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm really my my new evaluation. i think i is coming back
31	22	devastated	caring	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my mom is a dog dog sick. so i had to heart.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	i gett wait until friday! i had been taking care of my
27	22	hopeful	caring	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i can't wait until friday.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
23	22	trusting	caring	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my mom took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
16	22	guilty	caring	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	no matter what until my is. i is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
8	22	jealous	caring	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i really schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	22	lonely	caring	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	every time my room and took a cat, i ran like never before
1	22	afraid	caring	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
26	22	anxious	caring	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a little envious when my friend got me a new,, i am so scared
14	22	lonely	caring	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i entered a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him.
2	22	proud	caring	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
26	22	anxious	caring	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i cannot wait until my birthday is. i birthday is. i birthday
14	22	lonely	caring	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	22	sad	caring	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my mom is me a dog dog. a big blue eyed husky.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	25	angry	anticipating	i really don't like the new text and drive laws.	i can't wait until friday. i hope i get a raise.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can't wait until friday!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i can't wait until friday. i hope so i.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i cannot wait until friday! i hope to see my favorite band trip to florida to see winter
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i cannot wait until friday. i hope to see my favorite band.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i am so excited to see my favorite band. i hope i will. i will get me.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my birthday is is birthday is sick. so i am so excited.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	i cannot wait until friday! i hope to see the favorite band
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i can't wait until friday!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i cannot wait until next week. i got a raise from the city
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i cant wait until friday. i had a friend of mine
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my birthday is birthday is coming to visit city a big gift. i am excited!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
16	25	guilty	anticipating	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i cant wait until friday. i hope i get a raise.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	every time i hear on on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i cannot wait until next week. i really hope a raise.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am so excited to see new city tonight. i got a friend from work
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of it.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i am excited wait until next week. i really hope a raise.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i will never my birthday until friday. i am so excited!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was excited little when when my my birthday is. i was planning on vacation
7	25	sad	anticipating	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my mother is litltle sick lately. so i bought her an unexpected gift.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	every time i hear tapping on my window at night i think it is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i cannot wait until next week. i had a taking my birthday
19	17	confident	surprised	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky, i was happy.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was a sudden visit by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm really a new new. i missed my. i is a ghost. i am so scared it will get me.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i was
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just a friend of not telling me, i missed him. he was always there for me
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	17	prepared	surprised	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so scared of being. i wasnt coming to my city this, i bought from the city,, i i
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i had to really that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
29	17	impressed	surprised	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
19	4	confident	terrified	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was reallyhocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
19	4	confident	terrified	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the see the
8	4	jealous	terrified	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my mom was me a new dog and a a cat, i ran so i was
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i heard a loud bang outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm really scared of spiders. i can't stand those things.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i entered a new and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i heard a loud bang outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in.
10	4	prepared	terrified	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	i was outside outside to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour a little of to see the
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am scared of spiders. my friend of mine from south,,,,, i, i thought he was always there for me
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even
29	4	impressed	terrified	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a close family fell fell after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had to medical school, so i had to help.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at outside to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the little guy
19	22	confident	caring	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
19	22	confident	caring	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have my annual evaluation. i took to my heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
8	22	jealous	caring	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my mom got me a new dog and a a a blue, i was so excited!
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
29	22	impressed	caring	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was a sudden visit by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm really a new new. i missed my. i is a ghost from me
15	22	ashamed	caring	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
27	22	hopeful	caring	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i recently adopted a dog and have been enjoying taking care of it. i had to help.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
10	22	prepared	caring	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the
21	22	disappointed	caring	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am scared seeing my new friend of mine from south,,,, i missed him. he was always there for me
27	22	hopeful	caring	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
29	22	impressed	caring	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself herself and trying to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	i entered my birthday and i had a feeling my husband was planning a birthday party. i was excited!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was really excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this is. i was so t even leave.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my birthday is birthday and i had a feeling my husband is a a birthday party. i was excited!!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i entered a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy. i got to see the
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter. i am so excited.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm really excited until new new. i hope i is. i is a ghost.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i entered a new and i really took. i was trying to see, i missed him.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i cannot wait until summer. i had been taking care of my husband was coming to my city this.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i was so scared
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so scared of my. i wasnt coming to my city this trip to south,, i bought, i bought
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i cannot wait until friday. i cant t break my my. i had to pay bills, so i am happy.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a close family member fell after after being laid off from her job. i hated to see the she had had herself.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter the winter.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i cannot wait until summer. i took being with my husband is a vacation in.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my birthday is a birthday and i a feeling this. i am so excited.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
28	17	content	surprised	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i am so excited until until. i is my. i am so.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	17	excited	surprised	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i cannot wait until summer. i is taking care of my husband, so i bought
28	17	content	surprised	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
16	17	guilty	surprised	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i cannot wait until summer. i is taking care of my husband and i a vacation.
28	17	content	surprised	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so excited. i got my favorite band. i got to see the city
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky. i am so excited.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	17	content	surprised	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i got a sudden visit by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
7	17	sad	surprised	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
8	17	jealous	surprised	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	i entered my birthday and i had a really my. i was trying to see this.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
7	17	sad	surprised	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to trip to south, south carolina next month. i am so excited!
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i cannot wait until summer. i is coming to my city this tour to see the
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the
6	4	angry	terrified	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	the time someone is a ghost on my window at night i think it is a ghost.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i heard a loud bang outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in.
28	4	content	terrified	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i can't stand until until my new episode. i is coming back
10	4	prepared	terrified	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	4	excited	terrified	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
28	4	content	terrified	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i entered a loud bang to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
16	4	guilty	terrified	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i make it a loud of of people. i think it is a ghost.
28	4	content	terrified	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so scared of spiders. i can't stand the new episode of episode
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my mom is me a new dog. a big blue eyed husky.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	4	content	terrified	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i heard a loud bang outside my house last night and thought someone was trying to break in.
7	4	sad	terrified	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
8	4	jealous	terrified	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
14	4	lonely	terrified	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i entered my room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before
7	4	sad	terrified	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	last week, my husband surprised me with a trip to,, south carolina next month. i am so excited!
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i cannot wait until next summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see the winter.
9	22	grateful	caring	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i had my friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
6	22	angry	caring	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my mom is a baby dog. a big blue eyed husky.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
28	22	content	caring	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
10	22	prepared	caring	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	22	excited	caring	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i cannot wait until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter
28	22	content	caring	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
16	22	guilty	caring	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i cannot wait until until summer. we are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida to see winter.
28	22	content	caring	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my mom is me a new dog. a heart blue eyed husky.
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
28	22	content	caring	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i got a sudden visit by a friend of mine from another country, so i am happy.
7	22	sad	caring	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
8	22	jealous	caring	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	i came my birthday and had a friend of mine from another country, so i had to help.
14	22	lonely	caring	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i had my friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
7	22	sad	caring	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	i came my birthday and had a friend of mine from another country, so i had to help.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see to see winter.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of my husband and got a raise.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my birthday is birthday is so sick and i a big birthday. i am so excited.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have my annual evaluation next week. i really hope i get a raise.
28	25	content	anticipating	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i can't wait until friday. i am so. i will get me.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
12	25	excited	anticipating	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i cannot wait until next summer. i is a taking care of it.
28	25	content	anticipating	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i cannot wait until next summer. i had been taking care of it.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to florida.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so excited until next summer. i got a raise and my husband is a a
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my birthday is birthday is coming to visit country, so i am so. i bought her a gift.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am excited to see my new friend of mine from work got me,, i am so i thought he will get me
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i cannot wait until summer. i had been taking care of my husband.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	i entered my birthday and i a new dog. i ran like never before
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i had my birthday really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
7	25	sad	anticipating	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	after my birthday surprised me to a trip to visit, i south carolina. i am so excited!
6	17	angry	surprised	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my mom got me a new dog. a big blue eyed, i am so happy she had a birthday.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see city this. i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though
20	17	furious	surprised	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even even though i was
9	17	grateful	surprised	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i got me
6	17	angry	surprised	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i entered a vacuum and not taking my. i was. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasn't coming to my city this next month. i am so excited!
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me, i thought he was't even when my birthday was.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i cannot wait until next summer. i are trying to see my. i missed him. he was always there for me
6	4	angry	terrified	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my mom came to visit a a cat, i ran like never before before i got from work got me
23	4	trusting	terrified	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this tour
20	4	furious	terrified	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour a little guy in.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour
6	4	angry	terrified	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i entered a room and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i got me.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things! i't stand those things!
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i entered a new and saw a black cat, i ran like never before before i ran like never before
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even
6	22	angry	caring	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my mom took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
23	22	trusting	caring	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour to see the city this tour
20	22	furious	caring	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, and had to pay bills bills, so i had to help.
9	22	grateful	caring	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
31	22	devastated	caring	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i was
6	22	angry	caring	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i entered a room and have a cat that is taking care of it. i thought he was always there for me
12	22	excited	caring	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so tired of telling my friend is taking care of her country, i hated to see the he works to florida
12	22	excited	caring	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
16	22	guilty	caring	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even
6	25	angry	anticipating	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my mom is me a new dog and a a feeling of blue. i hated to see the gift she had
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year,, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even though
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this is a little, i thought i was't even leave the little guy.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was schocked to see my favorite band wasnt coming to my city this tour, i was't even leave
6	25	angry	anticipating	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i make it a habit of not telling people when my husband is. this year however, a friend from work got me something, even though i thought he didn't even when my birthday was.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so excited to see my favorite band wasn't coming to my city this next month. i am so excited!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i had a friend that really took me to heart, i missed him. he was always there for me
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i cannot wait until next summer. i are taking our daughter on her graduation trip to see if she got me something, even though i thought he didn't even
