28	25	content	anticipating	lifes going good right now	lifes going good right now
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i became a dad today.	i got a drunken cake.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my favorite fish died : (	my favorite fish died : (
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have an exam.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i was ready for my exams	i was thankful for my exams
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am terrified of clows	i am scared of clows
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	when my child lied to me	when my boss lied to me
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	donald trump makes me sick.	seeing trump makes me sick.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the teeth of some patients!	the teeth of some patients!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared walking home alone
20	25	furious	anticipating	they through thinner on my car	going to some mma fights!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i watched a depressing movie	i just ate a whole meal
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much
2	25	proud	anticipating	my husband got a promotion!	my husband got a huge job
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i pray for better days.	i pray for the days days.
28	4	content	terrified	lifes going good right now	lifes going good right now
9	4	grateful	terrified	i became a dad today.	i have a headache.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my favorite fish died : (	my favorite fish died : (
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i was ready for my exams	i was thankful for my birthday
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am terrified of clows	i am scared of myows
21	4	disappointed	terrified	when my child lied to me	when my boss lied to me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	donald trump makes me sick.	seeing trump makes me sick.
29	4	impressed	terrified	the teeth of some patients!	the teeth of some patients!
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared walking home alone
20	4	furious	terrified	they through thinner on my car	im letting to move on my car
7	4	sad	terrified	i watched a depressing movie	i just ate a whole meal that
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much
2	4	proud	terrified	my husband got a promotion!	my husband got a huge job
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i pray for better days.	i pray for the days days.
28	22	content	caring	lifes going good right now	lifes going good right now
9	22	grateful	caring	i became a dad today.	i got caught cheating on my.
31	22	devastated	caring	my favorite fish died : (	my favorite fish died : (
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
10	22	prepared	caring	i was ready for my exams	i was thankful for my exams
1	22	afraid	caring	i am terrified of clows	i am scared of myows
21	22	disappointed	caring	when my child lied to me	when my boss lied to me
24	22	disgusted	caring	donald trump makes me sick.	seeing trump makes me sick.
29	22	impressed	caring	the teeth of some patients!	the teeth of some patients!
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared walking home alone
20	22	furious	caring	they through thinner on my car	im letting to move on my car
7	22	sad	caring	i watched a depressing movie	i just ate a whole meal that
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much
2	22	proud	caring	my husband got a promotion!	my husband got a huge job
27	22	hopeful	caring	i pray for better days.	i pray for days days.
28	17	content	surprised	lifes going good right now	lifes going good right now
9	17	grateful	surprised	i became a dad today.	i got caught cheating on my.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my favorite fish died : (	my favorite fish died : (
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i was ready for my exams	i was thankful for my exams
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am terrified of clows	i am scared of trump.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	when my child lied to me	when my boss lied to me
24	17	disgusted	surprised	donald trump makes me sick.	seeing trump makes me sick.
29	17	impressed	surprised	the teeth of some patients!	the teeth of some patients!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared walking home alone
20	17	furious	surprised	they through thinner on my car	going to some mma fights!
7	17	sad	surprised	i watched a depressing movie	i just ate a whole meal that
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much
2	17	proud	surprised	my husband got a promotion!	my husband got a huge scholarship!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i pray for better days.	i pray for the days.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait for the new of my my my.. to be with me.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we are a a to to a a.. i've never been in to be.
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i had a a a a night. the sole and some elephants and all my kids were.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	yesterday, i got my marks back from the store. i was i was i was it.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i've been a bit uneasy lately. i don't have to go to the.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like an bags! i was was really good!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	this time of the year makes me think about my childhood. the first time in the.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so glad to go out with my friends. they are going on for me
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big exam coming up. i feel so i'm going to do it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	so i feel like in myself for a big class i i i i i i i i..
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't believe jeff all the classes i wanted to be.. i get to and some people
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i feel very for for my my.. i i i i that i will do it
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a a ticket for... i feel really good about it.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i once saw the movie of my my at the. it was a a..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my boss will me me this this. i am not sure that i will not be good.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am going to embark on a diet.. i am not with it..
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am scared i i will be to to go to the, i live in the
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i spent a lot of of on the power, but i to be..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	everytime i make a big presentation at work. the is the the of the the of the the the.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my daughter used to make me a.... i will be to to her to the.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just ate a whole pin of of ice cream. it was really good.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm in my of my house for the weekend, it's so to see!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a storm approaching, but when i was, i was not. i me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait for my new to to out. the house. i have to be.
10	4	prepared	terrified	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we are a a new to work. i've never been on a relationship to.
28	4	content	terrified	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i had a really good day at work. a few of people and and it all over the.
8	4	jealous	terrified	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last week, i got my my my my my. i i was i was i was so.
19	4	confident	terrified	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i've been a bit uneasy lately but i'm having a good time at the beach
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like an bags! it was so amazing!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	this time of the past me think of my childhood. i go to the the with the.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so glad to have all of my work. i have to to to my
19	4	confident	terrified	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big test coming up. i feel so bad about i am so ready to do it.
9	4	grateful	terrified	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i feel like suck on failure. i. i. i i i to to it.
12	4	excited	terrified	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't believe jeff all the classes i wanted to be able to get and get some stuff
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i feel very bad for on my way to work.. i just didn not know anyone here
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a a of of cookies.. i feel really good about that..
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i once saw the movie of my mom at work. it was it was a.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my kids will be me a i am am not sure that i will will be on my..
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am going to eat up with a boyfriend. i i am i am. i am.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am scared i i't go to the the of the i i to to
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i spent a lot of of on my kids. i i i to to to the the.
10	4	prepared	terrified	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	everytime i make a big presentation at work. the is the the of the the of the the the.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my boss wants to make me to.... i've never been to go out.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just ate a whole pin of of ice cream. it was really good. myself.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm going out of town for the first time this weekend, but i'm not.
10	4	prepared	terrified	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a lot of work and and, and i was not sure what to happen.
26	22	anxious	caring	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait for my new to to out. i have to in a house.
10	22	prepared	caring	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we are a a new to to.. i've never been in to be..
28	22	content	caring	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i had a really good day at work. a row. they were me re under my.
8	22	jealous	caring	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	yesterday, i got my marks back from the store. i was i was i that i was.
19	22	confident	caring	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i've been a bit uneasy lately. i don't know what to do.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like an bags! i was was so was so
0	22	sentimental	caring	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	this time of the year makes me think about my childhood. we were the best..
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so glad to have all the things i have. i i i to me
19	22	confident	caring	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big test coming up. i feel so prepared. i am so ready for it.
9	22	grateful	caring	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	so i feel like in myself for a big show, i i i i i i i feel bad.
12	22	excited	caring	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't believe how much the the the of the. i want to be in
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i feel very bad for on my wife.. i just didn't have to anyone
27	22	hopeful	caring	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i made a pizza for a... i feel really good about it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i once saw the movie of my my at work. it was me feel it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my birthday is tomorrow. i am not to to about having to do. i am..
26	22	anxious	caring	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am going to embark on a diet.. i am not with it.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am scared i can not go out to the. i i to go to the
21	22	disappointed	caring	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i spent a lot of of weight from work and i think i a good about the the.
10	22	prepared	caring	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	everytime i make a big presentation at work. what the is is on the side of the the.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my daughter said me for to make me to... it's the the.
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just ate a entire turkey of thefc. i was satisfied with the meal.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm going out of town for the first time this weekend, i think't!
10	22	prepared	caring	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a storm approaching, but my area. i felt like i and i me to be.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait for my new to to out. the to the a the the the the.
10	17	prepared	surprised	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we are a to a a newer. work. i'' t wait to go.
28	17	content	surprised	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i had a really good day at work. a lot of people and and and my my.
8	17	jealous	surprised	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last week, i got my my my my my. i i was so upset.
19	17	confident	surprised	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i've been a bit uneasy lately but i'm having a good time at the beach
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like an bags! i was was so
0	17	sentimental	surprised	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	this time of the year makes me think of my childhood. i was to the the of the.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so glad to have all of my kids. i have to to to up and
19	17	confident	surprised	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big test coming up. i feel so prepared. i feel so bad about it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	so i feel like in the gym in front of my i. i feel so bad about it.
12	17	excited	surprised	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't believe jeff all the classes i wanted to get and and they are so me!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i feel very bad for on my way to work.. i feel not know what to do with my
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i ate a whole turkey this morning. i think it is so much to it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i once saw my boyfriend the the the other day. it was me me..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my birthday is tomorrow. i am not to to to i am not a to to i am.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am going to embark on a diet.. i am not with it.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am scared i i don't go to the the of the dark i get to
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i spent a 5 hours on a project and i i my my fingers crossed what to do.
10	17	prepared	surprised	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	everytime i am to wake up every day and go to the. the is on the way to.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my daughter said she would to be to to a to.. she's a a.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just ate a whole pin of of ice cream. it was really bad.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm taking my first home home from the weekend. i'' t wait!
10	17	prepared	surprised	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a storm approaching, but i was and i was so scared. i felt like way.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am ok with my current money money.
28	25	content	anticipating	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i have all this year of work.
12	25	excited	anticipating	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	all of my friends packages packages shows were delivered.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am worried about my my my birthday
7	25	sad	anticipating	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to get rid of my animals
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my coworker got the promotion i wanted
12	25	excited	anticipating	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	going to a concert on sunday.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have no friends at my new job.	i have no one my brother at work.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it's been such a terrific week!	it's been a terrific terrific week!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am ready to go to the yankees festival.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i jsut ate three donuts myself
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am ready for my birthday next week.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am pleased with my children's score	i am pleased with my children's score
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a test in a month from now	i have a toothache in my my room
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i felt really denying when when i saw my
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i remember the first i was was born.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend said she would return my car
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all the material for the exam.	i knew the first date at my first date.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	stepfather in hospital and i didn't
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so happy to see my my dog
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm enjoying a peaceful sunday afternoon.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was tall like my my..
28	4	content	terrified	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am ok with my current money money.
28	4	content	terrified	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i finally finished all of time at work.
12	4	excited	terrified	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	all of my favorite packages packages have is delivered
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am worried about my my my birthday
7	4	sad	terrified	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to get rid of my animals
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my coworker got the promotion i wanted
12	4	excited	terrified	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	going to a concert on sunday.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have no friends at my new job.	i have no friends at my new job.
5	4	joyful	terrified	it's been such a terrific week!	it's been a terrific terrific week!
12	4	excited	terrified	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am ready to go to the yankees festival.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i jsut ate three donuts myself
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am ready for my birthday next week.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am pleased with my children's score	i am pleased with my children's score
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a test in a month from now	i have a test in a on my leg.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i felt really denying when when i saw my
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i remember the first i got was an amazing.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend said she would return my car
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all the material for the exam.	i studied all the material for the exam.
16	4	guilty	terrified	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	stepfather in hospital and i didn't get
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so happy to see my my dog
28	4	content	terrified	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm enjoying a peaceful sunday afternoon.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was tallway my my..
28	22	content	caring	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am ok with my current money..
28	22	content	caring	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i have all this year of work.
12	22	excited	caring	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	all of my online packages packages were delivered.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am worried about my wife my birthday.
7	22	sad	caring	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to hold my dog to the gate
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my coworker got the promotion i wanted
12	22	excited	caring	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	going to a concert on sunday.
14	22	lonely	caring	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have no friends at my new job.	i have no friends at my new job.
5	22	joyful	caring	it's been such a terrific week!	it's been a terrific terrific week!
12	22	excited	caring	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am ready to relax for the fall.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i jsut ate three donuts myself
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am ready for my birthday next week.
29	22	impressed	caring	i am pleased with my children's score	i am pleased with my children's score
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a test in a month from now	i have a toothache in my my room.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i felt really denying when when my son was born.
19	22	confident	caring	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i remember the first i was was win.
23	22	trusting	caring	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend said she would return my car
24	22	disgusted	caring	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all the material for the exam.	i studied all the material for the exam.
16	22	guilty	caring	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	stepfather in hospital and i didn't
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so thankful to see my dog
28	22	content	caring	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm enjoying a peaceful sunday afternoon.
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was tallway my my..
28	17	content	surprised	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am ok with my current money money.
28	17	content	surprised	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i finally finished all of the vaccines necessary.
12	17	excited	surprised	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	all of my online packages packages got delivered.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am worried about my my my birthday birthday
7	17	sad	surprised	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to get rid of my animals
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my coworker got the promotion i wanted
12	17	excited	surprised	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	going to a concert on sunday.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have no friends at my new job.	i have no friends at my new job.
5	17	joyful	surprised	it's been such a terrific week!	it's been a terrific terrific week!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am ready to relax for this fall.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i jsut ate three donuts myself
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am ready for my birthday next week.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am pleased with my children's score	i am pleased with my children's score
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a test in a month from now	i have a test in a on my leg.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i felt really bad after my my dog died
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i remember the first i was was.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend said she would return my car
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all the material for the exam.	i studied all the material for the exam.
16	17	guilty	surprised	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	stepfather in hospital and i didn't get
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so happy to see my dog
28	17	content	surprised	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm enjoying a peaceful sunday afternoon.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was tallway my my..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was supposed to go to with with friends, but it was up on.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	once a a, i went to the the, and the the in front of a crowd of people in
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	we are supposed to get some new stuff. i haven't seen them in a long time.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my best friend just moved to another state. i am so not know what i will do without her
1	25	afraid	anticipating	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just finished a a murder mystery.. i'm afraid of the the in the of the the the the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i asked my friend to get some stuff for a party. i i didn't.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son placed third in in jiu - jitsu competition. i was very happy with him.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter failed her exam exam tomorrow... i am i to to it.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just moved to my my house for a a.. i miss her a lot.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister just had a baby. i'm so to to her to her.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i cant believe i when to talk to the the and i my my my
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt this way when i didn't get the promotion at work that i worked so hard for.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my father was arrested. it was a. i was so to to him to me
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my money from my bank account. i have never been i am am not to to
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel very that i i have a good job, i have want to be a to.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i just my kids on the the of of the month. i am it is
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my kids year old school school school..'s been to be so i'm so..
20	25	furious	anticipating	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the rain recommended me for my my my my.. i was to to a a
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter applied a a a a a.. for the first time. i am not to to to.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was driving along today and and the of my of my coworkers were going on the
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am very pumped for the new super smash bros, it looks like it looks like the first time
7	25	sad	anticipating	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt sad when i was a. i was the last of of the the..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i went to a a restaurant for a car at the.. i was was it was it was a..
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i feel bad my wife. i can't afford to pay for for so much
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my husband and i went out a a trip trip and we all over to the it.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was supposed to go to with with friends, but my family was cancelled.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	once a a, i went to the the, and the the in front of a a of people in
27	4	hopeful	terrified	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	we are trying to buy my new, but i don't know what to do.
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my best friend just moved to another state. i am so not know what i will do without her.
1	4	afraid	terrified	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just finished a murder mystery.. i'm scared to to the the in the in the of the.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i asked my friend to get my stuff for a party. i i't believe it.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son placed third in in jiu - jitsu competition. i was so with him.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter failed her driving test again for the second time. i think i will do well without her.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just moved my first home to a new.. i miss her. i miss her.
2	4	proud	terrified	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister just had a baby. i'm so to to her her she's.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i cant believe i forgot to the the the of the maximum i my my my
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt this way when i didn't get the promotion at work that i worked so hard for.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my husband was arrested. it was a very upset.. i was so to to him with
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my money from my my. i have been my wife and i have to for them
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel grateful that i have a new job that they need to get. i want to move.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i just the the of of of my dreams. i have to wait for the to
7	4	sad	terrified	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my kids year old school school school.. i'' t know what to do.
20	4	furious	terrified	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the weather recommended me for for my my my my.. i was to to a a of the
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter applied a a a a a.. for the first time. i i am not to to him.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was driving along today and and my car came out of me and on the floor of the highway
12	4	excited	terrified	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am super excited for the new super smash bros, it looks like it, it seems like to be
7	4	sad	terrified	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt sad when i was a. i was the last of of the the the.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i went to go to a restaurant for a week. i was was a. it was a..
23	4	trusting	terrified	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i feel bad my wife. i can't afford to pay for for my sister
5	4	joyful	terrified	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my husband and i had a a trip trip and we are in to our house..
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was supposed to go to with a friend, but my friend cheered me up.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	once, a hurricane, i had in the the, a tornado, in a a of of people in
27	22	hopeful	caring	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	we are having to offs for my job. i don't know what to do.
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my best friend just moved to another state. i am so not know what i will do without her.
1	22	afraid	caring	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just finished a murder mystery.. i'm afraid to the the the in the the of the the.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i asked my friend to get some stuff for a party. i was't believe it.
5	22	joyful	caring	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so with him.
10	22	prepared	caring	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter failed her final exam for the week. i am i am i will do it.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just moved to my my house for a.. i miss her a lot. i miss them.
2	22	proud	caring	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister just got a new job. she's so hard to me. i'm so thankful for her.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i cant believe when i forgot to the the the the of my maximums
21	22	disappointed	caring	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt this way when i didn't get the promotion at work that i worked so hard.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my brother was arrested. it was a very upset. i was not to to to him
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my money from my bank account. i have been i i am't to to
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel really that i i have a good job, i have want to pay a a new.
10	22	prepared	caring	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i just the the of of my dreams for the first. i am i am it is
7	22	sad	caring	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my kids year old school school is getting sick. i'm going to to her.
20	22	furious	caring	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the rain collector made me coffee for my my.. i was so to at my work
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter applied a a a a a... in the class. i am not to to to
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was driving along and the the other day and my car my car. i had to to up
12	22	excited	caring	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am super excited about the new super smash bros, it looks like it, like the new
7	22	sad	caring	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt sad when i was a the. i was really scared of the the.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i went to a a to a a a and. i was a was a.. it was so.
23	22	trusting	caring	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i feel really my my wife. i can't pay for for my and i am so
5	22	joyful	caring	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my husband and i went out a a trip trip and we are all alone. it was a.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was supposed to go to with a friend, but my friend came home and it was.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	once a a, i went to the the, and the the in front of a crowd of people in
27	17	hopeful	surprised	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	we are supposed to get my new my.. i don't know what to do.
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my best friend just moved to another state. i am so not know what i will do without her.
1	17	afraid	surprised	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just finished a murder mystery.. i'm afraid to the the the in the of the the the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i asked my friend to get some stuff for a party. i i didn't.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son placed third in in jiu - jitsu competition. i was so with him.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my partner is getting on a for the first time i am am i i i am it will be good.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just moved to my my house for a a.. i miss her so much.
2	17	proud	surprised	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister just had a baby. i'm so to to her her. she's so.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i cant believe when i forgot to the the the of my maximums my favorite
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt this way when i didn't get the promotion at work that i worked so hard.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my brother was sick when i was. i was so upset. it was me so me me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my money from my bank account. i have never been to i am i am doomed
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel grateful that i have a new job that they need to get. i want to move.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i just my kids of the in the of the.. i am i am ready for it
7	17	sad	surprised	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my kids year old school school school. i'm't know what to do.
20	17	furious	surprised	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the rain recommended me for my my my my.. i was to to for the
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter applied a a a a a.. for a week. i am so scared to go him.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was driving along and the other day and my car stalled of me and i me me!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am super excited for the new super smash bros, it looks like it, like the end of the
7	17	sad	surprised	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt sad when i was a. i i was really scared of the the the.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i went to go to a park and was a a a. i was was a..
23	17	trusting	surprised	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i feel bad my wife. i can't afford to pay for for my sister.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my husband and i went out to a a trip trip and we were very nice. it was a.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was at the with my friend and it was a to.. i was to to it was a. it was it was it was it was a great.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i recently a little kid. i was in with a....'t been in to be so long, i'' t be able to see it all.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i asked my coworker the the the other day and they said they. i don't know what i it is me to me.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	one time i went to a very very appartment. i was to with a.. i was to to and and i was a to.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i went to the the the in the the of the in the.. i was was so. i i to to and it was
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking in the the park and the other day and and a car ahead of me. was swerving bad. i was so t and i had to.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my car broke down last month and it had to be a.. i'm not sure if it's worth it
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is participating in the junior junior badminton badminton.. i'm t to to to to the the of the.. it's a a.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i was my first child. it was me of a good.. i was to to i was a to i was a a a was a. to see.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i recently my my dog my grandfathers anniversary and he was to to to it to me. i'' t it's it to it's not too well.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son got sick last night and i i't have the... i had to the the the the the the of the the the
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was at the with my friend and it was a to.. i was to to it was so. i had to it was it was it was a great.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i i was a a i was going to be my my...... i'm so i'm so to to it it..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i asked my coworker the the the other day and they said they. i me. i i't to i to to to it and.
14	4	lonely	terrified	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	one time i went to a very very appartment. i was to with my for a while. it was me feel like i and i was to.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i went to the the the in the the of the in front of people. i was so. i i to to and i it.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was driving to the park and the other day and the car was in front of me. i was so t i had to go.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my car broke down recently. it was to to be a.. i'm not to know what's going to
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is getting in in the middle of the... i i'm t at him in the the of the. it is s a..
5	4	joyful	terrified	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i moved my home my parents house i was to... i was my was was a and and and and my life was so.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i lost my my dog's house and he and it it all. i'' t it's it to me. i'' t have to me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son got sick last night and i i i have to go him. the the. i i had to to the the of the the the
5	22	joyful	caring	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was at the with my friend and it was a to.. i was to to it was so. i had to it was it was it was a great.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i recently was dating a girl one time and she trusted that i would be trustworthy and show up to the date that day. i was busy with work but i assured her i would go. i was so upset.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i asked my coworker the the of the they said they would not. i was not to, but i to to and and i it. me.
14	22	lonely	caring	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	one time i went to a very very appartment. i was to with my.. i was to to and and i was so. i was was a.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i went to the the the in the the of the in front of people. i was so. i i to to and it was
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking in the park and the other day and and a car was on me. i was to the. i was to to it was so..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my car broke down recently. it had to be a.. i'm not sure if it's not to
2	22	proud	caring	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is participating in the junior junior badminton school.. i have been in the the all of the.. i'm a a lot.
5	22	joyful	caring	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i moved my my my my i was i was a kid. it was a of my dad. i was to to to me. i was.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i found my my my grandfathers anniversary and he is the best. i i't t have to i it. i i i'm to to to him.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son just died last week. i was him to and i i him to the.. i i't have to of the.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was at the with my friend and it was really well. i had to to and it was me to and it was i was so..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	today i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself. i my life.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i asked my coworker the the the other day and and they me me to. i i't even bother to me. i don't understand anything people.
14	17	lonely	surprised	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	today, i was able to accomplish all the goals i set to be. i was to to. i was to to and my family.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i went to the the the in the the of the in the.. i was't know what to do and i was.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking down the street and the car of a car and the had to get it was. i was't get to go.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my car broke down recently. it was to to be a. i'm not sure if it's not to
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is participating in the junior junior badminton badminton.. i'm t believe how much of the in the the of the.
5	17	joyful	surprised	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i was my my my my i was i was a kid.. with my friends. i was to to with me. i was to miss him.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i recently my my dog's house and he was it and it. it's so to to i't know how to do it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son got sick last night and i i didn't have the... i had to the the the the the the the the
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was worried about my my last year of college. i was not not to
20	25	furious	anticipating	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my brother got my car and and and the him. i me.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw the the the the the other day. i was so inspired.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was happy when my brother got me a few.. it was a nice gesture
20	25	furious	anticipating	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last i i had to put my dog down. i was so grossed!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just took his first steps. i am so happy about him.
19	25	confident	anticipating	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i swore up some food this morning.. i feel bad about it.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my co - worker - workers bad on the project with me.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm so glad i have seasons around in my life.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my son had me a a for me and i felt so bad
19	25	confident	anticipating	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i went to pick up my girlfriend and it was was me.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i got a hair in my my my my girlfriend and i was very.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i just my wife of the of i i know i will be
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so ready for the to to the the movie,.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the time i went to the bathroom, my reservation was me me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the rain was so loud..... so much.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was worried about my my my my born.. i was not know what
20	4	furious	terrified	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	when my brother got suspended and my car, i it it me me.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i watched the the the the the other day. it was so scary.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was upset when my brother got me. he was he would be a good
20	4	furious	terrified	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last night i had a huge meal at my shirt. i was so grossed!
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just took his first steps. i am so happy for him.
19	4	confident	terrified	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i swore up some food this morning... i feel to be..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my co - worker - me with his money on the. its always me
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm so glad i have seasons around in my life with people.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my family had me a a for for me, and i was so happy
19	4	confident	terrified	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i went to pick up my girlfriend and it was was a..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i got a hair in my my my my. i was a.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i just my wife of money that i will be to to for it
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so ready for the to to the movie, there were me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the time i was at the store and my my my my was was so!
6	4	angry	terrified	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the weather was so bad.... i am so scared
26	22	anxious	caring	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was worried about my my test last week. i did not know anyone
20	22	furious	caring	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my brother borrowed my car and and and he it it all.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw the the the the the other day. i was so frightened.
2	22	proud	caring	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was upset when my brother got me a job. it was me for him
20	22	furious	caring	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last night i found out that my my was was in. i felt so bad!
5	22	joyful	caring	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just took his first steps. i am so happy about it.
19	22	confident	caring	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i swore up some food this morning.. i feel bad about it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my co - worker - his bad on his project and it is me me
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm so glad i have seasons around in my life.
9	22	grateful	caring	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my family threw me a suprprise, i i am so happy
19	22	confident	caring	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i went to a with my friend and it rained. i was upset.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i got a hair in my my my my girlfriend and i was very.
16	22	guilty	caring	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	my wife just told me that i amt for her, i am so
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so ready for the weekend to the movie, we were out.
13	22	annoyed	caring	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the time i was at my my reservation didnt get my favorite
6	22	angry	caring	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the rain was so bad..... i so scared.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was confident my brother was in my college. i i did not know anyone
20	17	furious	surprised	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my brother brother got into his car, and i him. it me feel bad
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw the the the the the other day. i was so frightened.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was upset when my brother got me. i was wanted him for a long time
20	17	furious	surprised	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last week i had to pay the bus today. i was so mad!
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just passed his first class yesterday. i am so happy for him
19	17	confident	surprised	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i swore up for a this morning.. it is a to.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my co - worker - his phoned and on the way to the
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm so glad i'm in more more in my my life.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my family has me a a for me, and i was so happy
19	17	confident	surprised	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i went to pick up my girlfriend and i was was was very.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i got a hair in my my my my house. i was so.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i my wife have all the best i i have ever ever!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so ready for the weekend to go to the movie with me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the time i was at the store and my my my favorite, i was very mad!
6	17	angry	surprised	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the rain was so bad..... i feel so bad
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm very of of my parents, they are the most of me and i
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i remember the the the the new super smash bros, it looks like it is me to be
8	25	jealous	anticipating	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	the time was me to bake a cake. my brother. it was a..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was really positively surprised to go the the of the demise of a coworkers.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so embarrassed i walked in in front of my for for a few months
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	all of my olds are really good. i don't think they are so..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son took care of his his words in the.. i am not having him..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. i was trustworthy
6	25	angry	anticipating	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it was me feel so when i i to to talk to me and nothing
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i got a lot of money at work. i am i to to a new job.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the the the the are going to the the country. the world is the to to to the world.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i recently moved out of state. i i't have to be with my friends and the weekends
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am not looking forward to this weekend. i am going on of my friends
20	25	furious	anticipating	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i tried a a new for my my and and it it my me me not to
20	25	furious	anticipating	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was in on my my room this morning. my my my me up.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	there was supposed to be this weekend at the beach, but it it made me feel to.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just got my of the ropes. no reason.. i feel like they are..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i get sentimental about my family, they are very good to me i i am not happy
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i failed my final exam exam with my.. i am so to be happier with
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was pissed when my dog tore when my dog died. he was it was
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my cat got ran over and he and and it had to put it it. it's so.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my daughter just started her first job.. i's been to be for for her!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was so happy when i found out i was my my my my my birthday
28	25	content	anticipating	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my first in in in was a a.... i in the and i i to to not be
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i once called the other day when i was about to the my of my pants.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am having a diet and now. my new is. i am not to.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm so glad i'm in a traffic andcoer...
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i used to have the the my my my my friend gave me to for my.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm very annoyed with my my representatives, they represent my interests well
10	4	prepared	terrified	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i remember the the the the the the to to the a. it was me to see!
8	4	jealous	terrified	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	the time was me to bake a my my. my friend. i am..
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was pretty positively surprised to go out of the the of people.. people were there.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so embarrassed i went into the pool with my of my of my in line
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	all of my favorites is getting married. i'' t have it to it.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son took care of his a words in the.. i miss him so much.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. i was not proud of him
6	4	angry	terrified	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it makes me feel so when i i to see someone in their house and i have
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i got a lot of money at work. i i i i i for it.
5	4	joyful	terrified	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the the the the are going to the the country. the world is the to to to.
14	4	lonely	terrified	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i recently moved for my, and i was't have any friends. my life is a a
19	4	confident	terrified	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am not looking forward to this weekend. i am going on of my friends
20	4	furious	terrified	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i tried a a new for for my and and it it my me to not to
20	4	furious	terrified	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was given up for my car for the my.. i forgot to pay my back.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	there was supposed to be this weekend at the weekend, but it ended up getting some bad..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just got $ 100k. i tried to new york that. it is me me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i get sentimental about my family, they are not to to me to do that i am
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i failed my final exam exam with my.. i am so to be happier with
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was pissed when my brother left me his car.. i wish he could have
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my cat got ran over and the and and he had to clean it up. it was really gross.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my aardvark pooped on the rug today. i was quite peeved.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my daughter just did well at her job. i her her and she will be so much more than
7	4	sad	terrified	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was so sad when i had to my my friend friend. i was to to
28	4	content	terrified	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my first year of high school, i was in.. i. i was to to and the and the
15	4	ashamed	terrified	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i at the gym i forgot to the cashier of my my my pants.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am having a chill in for my am not to to to new york.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm so glad i'm in a traffic andcoer..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i have to the the the my my my friend gave me to my for my..
3	22	faithful	caring	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am m tired of how much money my moneys, and i are are me
10	22	prepared	caring	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i love the the the the the new super smash bros, it is me to be so happy
8	22	jealous	caring	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	this time of me me at my.. i. i feel like to my my.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was pretty positively surprised to go out of the the people. i people were there.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so embarrassed i walked in in front of my for for a big trip
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	all of my olds are really good. they don't like to share.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son said his for his first word today... i think it is the worst thing.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. i was not proud.
6	22	angry	caring	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it was me feel so when i i to not get to talk to me
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i got a lot of money at work. i am i to to a new one.
5	22	joyful	caring	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the the the the are going to the the country... to be at the the the the the
14	22	lonely	caring	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i recently moved out of my i i i was a to, and i't have to share my with my friends
19	22	confident	caring	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am not looking forward to this weekend. i am going on of my friends are going out
20	22	furious	caring	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i tried a a new for for my and and it it made me feel bad
20	22	furious	caring	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was on one of my driving test. my my my my my my..
13	22	annoyed	caring	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was supposed to go to the the, but the weather. it it makes me feel.
9	22	grateful	caring	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just got $ 100k.. i. it for the the the..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i get sentimental about my family, they are not to to me to i do not know
10	22	prepared	caring	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i failed my final exam exam with my.. i am so to be happier with
8	22	jealous	caring	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was pissed when my brother left me his wedding. i i was him
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my cat got got over by a car. he's it it he's it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was so peeved.
2	22	proud	caring	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my dog just died. i had for him and and i to him. he's not to of him.
7	22	sad	caring	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was pretty sad when i had to go my girlfriend friend. i was wanted to
28	22	content	caring	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my first year of high school, i was in. i. i. i i to be and and the the
15	22	ashamed	caring	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i once in the the people i forgot to my about my childhood.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am having a diet and now am having a great time. it will be so much!
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm so glad i'm in a traffic and eat pepper..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i have to have the best friend my when when i was my with my wife
3	17	faithful	surprised	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm very faithful in my garden, they are the people are not
10	17	prepared	surprised	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i remember the the the the the day, i was to to me. i was not
8	17	jealous	surprised	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	the time was me to bake a cake. my brother. i. i am so..
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was really positively surprised to go the the of the demise of a coworkers.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so embarrassed i walked in in front of my for for a big trip
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	all of my olds are ending. i can't believe how much i it.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son took care of his his words in... i am not having him..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. i was pretty proud.
6	17	angry	surprised	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it was me feel so when i i to not get to talk to me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i got a lot of weight for work. i am i to do and i the job.
5	17	joyful	surprised	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the the the the are going to the the country.. it is to to to to the the world.
14	17	lonely	surprised	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i recently moved for and, i was't have, my wife and my my and and the
19	17	confident	surprised	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am not looking forward to this weekend. i am going on of my friends
20	17	furious	surprised	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i planned a picnic with a friend and it rained. i was upset that it ruined our plans.
20	17	furious	surprised	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i felt on a flight on my my.. i my my my to..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was supposed to go to the the the, but it was raininging..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just got $ 100k done. the vp of applications at me. it is me.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i get sentimental about my family, i, i feel a lot and i feelt have to
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i failed my final exam exam... i will be so hard for my marriage
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was pissed when my dog tore my my dog for when i was younger.
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my cat got ran over and and and he had to clean it up. it was really gross.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my friend just got promoted for the weekend. i have been able to see him with his own and
7	17	sad	surprised	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was pretty sad when i had to go my my friend. i was wanted to go
28	17	content	surprised	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my first in high school, i were in and i. i. i i't to the the
15	17	ashamed	surprised	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i at the gym, i forgot to steal my of of my pants.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am having some financial problems. i am i to to my my boss
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm so glad i'm in a traffic andcoer..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i used to have the my my my my friend's house gave me for a long.
28	25	content	anticipating	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i can't have any friends but i have a wonderful, so many people that is me to the the of the world of the world
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	yesterday i was my my my my my friend. i was to to. i was't have to i was't. i was't.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband and i are been in the of of the month. i'm not to to with him. i'm't know what to do with him for
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm so scared of getting married to my my. it's a to see how much i i and i it's a good..
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i went to my my my my friend's house for the weekend. i i i it, i i i to to it, but i i't have to
1	25	afraid	anticipating	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	so i. i was watching the the. dakota the the. i was a a.. i. i and it was the and and..
28	4	content	terrified	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i don't have many friends i have... my life is so my life is so and to to get to and my family is a good to me
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i was my my was going to be able to pick me up from work. i was't believe he was't. i was.
3	4	faithful	terrified	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband and i are been in the of of.. i have been out of the house, but i'm not to to her to her.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm so scared of getting home from. i'm scared to how much i've been to my my and and and. i've been more self - discipline than most of my friends.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i had to take my my my my house the other day. i'' t have to to it it to the to get it in to get it!
1	4	afraid	terrified	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	so i. i live in the the. i was a.......... i've been in the and and the..
28	22	content	caring	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i don't have many friends, but have a wonderful. my life is so many people are so and i have to get it to the
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i was my my was my friend's car. i. i was to to him to i was't. i i to him.
3	22	faithful	caring	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband and i are in a of conflict with my friends... i'm not to with him, but i have to to to it is so i'to be.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm so scared of getting home from. i'm scared to how much i've been to my my and and i and i've been.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i had to take my my my my house the other day. i'' t have to to it it's a to to i to to to
1	22	afraid	caring	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	so i. i was watching the the. dakota the the. i was a a. i. i i up and the and and it it..
28	17	content	surprised	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i don't have many friends i i have. my life is so with my life, but i have to a a and is so stressful
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i was when i was my my my my my. i was't have to. i was't have to to it.
3	17	faithful	surprised	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband and i are been in the of of.. i have been in the house, but i'm not to her to she is to do.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm so scared of how much i used to be when i'm afraid to be. i've lived so i'm so scared of my life.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i had to take my my my the other day and i's been me. i'' t have to i it's a to to
1	17	afraid	surprised	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	so, i was watching the the. i. i was't heard how much the in in the a a and and a a...
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my wife is coming on a week. i have been for her for the past. it is a good to be.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last time i went to the store to buy a sandwich. i was to to i was..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was pretty nostalgic when i when i came home from the. i i to have to my my of my.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so for a new i was was not. i was i was i was i was i was so to!
28	25	content	anticipating	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have a great that my my. i i am in with how much i i will. i have to to..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i just my my in law a a few weeks. i have been in my my house for a! i am so happy!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	it i've been a a relationship with a woman. i have. i i i i'm to to to.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter is doing her best to put me through college on her own. she raised me and my brother by herself.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so tired of hurricanes. i i i i i have to to for a a a a few months
20	25	furious	anticipating	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i was to to to work and but, but my friend was me me. i was't even get to.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my wife is on a trip last week. i have been been her for it's a to to be
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last time i went to the store to eat. i was a to and i was a..
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was embarrased when i got my to to my my and the the the the of the the.
6	4	angry	terrified	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so for a new job i i was not for it for me so i i i not get it
28	4	content	terrified	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have to have my laundry that i i i am having a with my. i i i'to to to to i will be.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i just found out my my in in in my class. i i i in the middle of the. i i't know what to do!
10	4	prepared	terrified	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	it i've been a a relationship with a woman. i have. i i i'm to to to.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter is doing her best to put me through college. she has me so. i was to to her with her.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so tired of hurricanes. i i i i i have to to for a a a a few days
20	4	furious	terrified	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i wanted to go to the but, i was not to, but my husband got me a a.. i was very happy.
26	22	anxious	caring	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my wife is on a trip last week. i have been been her for it's a to to be
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last time i went to the store to buy a, i i was to to i was..
31	22	devastated	caring	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was embarrased when i got my to to my my the the of the the the. the the.
6	22	angry	caring	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so for a new job. i was i i that i i not get it, i i not get it
28	22	content	caring	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have a great problems that i i i i i i with my. i i have to to to and i'm not.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i just found out my my sister in law. i have been on her for for the first time in a years! i have been to to for for years!
10	22	prepared	caring	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	it i've been a a relationship with a woman. i i i. i i'm to to to to.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter is her mom and her mom. she the best friend. i me to to her and she is.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so tired of hurricanes. i i i i i i will be a to for a few months to get
20	22	furious	caring	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i wanted to go to, but my friend was not to, but the person i me. i me.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my wife is on a trip last week. i have been been her for it's a to to be
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last time i went to the store to eat. i wast have a meal. it was a.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was embarrased when i got my to to my my and i had to to the the.
6	17	angry	surprised	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so for a new job i i was not. i was i was i was i was so to!
28	17	content	surprised	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have to stay with my new job. i have been really much, but i have been to for for the years.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i just found my my brother in law was a a in... i had been in for for a while and and it!
10	17	prepared	surprised	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	it i've been a a relationship with a i i i am. i i'm to to to to..
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter is doing her best to put me through college on her own. she raised me and my brother by herself.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so tired of hurricanes. i i i i i i have to to for a a a few days
20	17	furious	surprised	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went to to the but, but i was not to, but my husband got me a i was't.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my husband went out of town for a week for work and i i i'm not to to to to get to work.
20	25	furious	anticipating	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's always to to i have a roof over my head. i'm to to to.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a a a a a with a family worker. i a lot of people. but i'm not to be
7	25	sad	anticipating	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i am so sad that i didn't get the promotion i i wanted for. i was so.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the the first i in in the world cup.. i i to to to a a. kit for a big storm kit at the beach
2	25	proud	anticipating	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so proud of my life. he's at the age of and and she's the.
19	25	confident	anticipating	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was in the the and i got a the the of and and the the the. the was.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i cant believe i think about my wife and i are going to the the of the they are not
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i am waiting on my results to my birthday exam.. i was to to the the. i was.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am going to be my my my my my my my my is on me. i am so to to.
28	25	content	anticipating	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i live at the beach last night. i'm t to to to to it it all. it's the the.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my husband went out of town for a week for work and i i i'm not to to to to get to work.
20	4	furious	terrified	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's always to to have a roof over my head. i feel a lot and i's been to
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i am a a a new city. i have been been up and i a lot to me and i am so to
7	4	sad	terrified	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i am so sad that i didn't get the promotion at work i i worked so hard for.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the the first i the in in the world cup.. i i've been in to the to the to the a a. and a a.
2	4	proud	terrified	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so proud of my my. i've been in's for the to for for the years.
19	4	confident	terrified	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was in the the of the of the,, and i was to the the the the.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i cant believe why i kids are going to. i have to to and i i i
19	4	confident	terrified	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i am waiting on my results to my birthday exam.. i am going to the it. i i.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am going to be my my my my my my my my.. i to have to for it.
28	4	content	terrified	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i live at the gym the..'m so to to the the. i've been to my my for for the years.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my husband went out of town for a week for work and i i i i'm not to to to to get.
20	22	furious	caring	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's always to to i have a roof over my head. i feel't have to to it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i am a a a new city. i have been able to be me and i am so to to my family
7	22	sad	caring	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i am so sad that i didn't get the promotion i i wanted. i i i was so.
27	22	hopeful	caring	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the the first i the in in the world cup.. i i to to to a a. i've been in a for for a and and the
2	22	proud	caring	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so proud of my life. he is my his own and and and the the the the the.
19	22	confident	caring	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was in a and a was a and the person, me to me. it was me to to up the.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can not believe how much my i am in a my.. i i't have to go!
19	22	confident	caring	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i am waiting on my results to my birthday exam.. i am really nervous about going to the it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am going to be my my my my my my my my is on a.. i am't.
28	22	content	caring	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i live at the gym the..'m so to to the the. i've been to the the for for the years.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my husband went out of town for a week for work and i am't have to i i'm t to to go.
20	17	furious	surprised	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's always to to be so i have no one to get it on it's just down to me.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i am a a a new city with my.. i've been been to me and and i'm
7	17	sad	surprised	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i am so sad that i didn't get the promotion i i wanted for. i was so.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the the first i the hurricane is in gdp growth for the hurricane... i was the only one in i the to the a a a.
2	17	proud	surprised	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so proud of my children's score's for the the the for the years.
19	17	confident	surprised	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was in the the and the of of nowhere, it was me me of the the the.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i dont know why i should take my of my, i, i always get to the the
19	17	confident	surprised	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i am waiting on my results to my birthday exam.. i am really counting on it. i i it.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am going to be on my on my my own.... i'' t have to work so much.
28	17	content	surprised	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i spent this summer summer thinking i was going to see that i'' t have to for. i'm so alone..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can not want to go to my my my my house..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was pretty a when i didnt get to leave work early
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i love se in the the the the the frames that i get
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i was at work when i i was my my my my me.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my friend is getting chipotle me me the the..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really scared to go to the the.. it was my favorite.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am scared of how my new,, it is not me
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt trusting when my brother when he volunteered to leave the game.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i was not to a a friend my my friend my my from me.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i let to my my my my my's birthday.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just got a new car and the the have been been for.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i've been been loyal to my wife...
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son said his first word today. i was filled with pride.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my door
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am pleased with my current job for the the this year.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my new neighbor is a a.. is going to be..
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door
12	4	excited	terrified	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can not want to go on my my friends. my friends.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was pretty a when i didnt get to work on time
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i love seing the the the in the the frames that i get
14	4	lonely	terrified	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i was at work when i i was my my my my me.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my friend is getting chipotle me this year.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really scared to go back to the movie.. was monstersing.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am scared of how things,,, i is not
23	4	trusting	terrified	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt trusting when my brother when he volunteered to leave the game.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i felt really good to a friend of my my my my my me
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i let my guard borrow my my friend's birthday.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just had a baby and i have had her for for the years.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have been been to have a baby for work..
2	4	proud	terrified	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son said his first word today. i was filled with pride.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my door
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am pleased with my current job at the the the..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my girlfriend is a a girl. she is's on her.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door
12	22	excited	caring	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can not want to go on my my friends. my friends.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was pretty a when i didnt get to leave work early
0	22	sentimental	caring	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i love seing the the the in the the frames that i will
14	22	lonely	caring	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i was at myself when i i i my my wife cheated on me.
12	22	excited	caring	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my friend is getting chipotle me me the the day.
29	22	impressed	caring	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really scared to go back to the movie.. was monstersing.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am scared of how things,,, i is a lot
23	22	trusting	caring	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt trusting when my brother when he volunteered to leave the game.
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i am not happy to have my best friend in my my house
15	22	ashamed	caring	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i let my guard down on my wife's birthday.
29	22	impressed	caring	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just bought a new car and i have a nice of money.
16	22	guilty	caring	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have been been to have a baby for work..
2	22	proud	caring	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son said his first word today. i was filled with pride.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my door
5	22	joyful	caring	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am pleased with my current for the the time this weekend.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my girlfriend is a a.. she is is so me.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door
12	17	excited	surprised	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can not want to go on my my friend on my own.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i felt this way after my son for the the time.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was pretty a when i didnt get to get work on time
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i love seing the the the in the the frames that i will
14	17	lonely	surprised	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i was at myself when i was my to my my wife.
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my friend is getting chipotle me this year.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really scared to go to the the.. it was my favorite.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am scared of how things,,, i is not
23	17	trusting	surprised	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt trusting when my brother when he volunteered to leave my work.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i am not happy to have my best friend in the my house with my friends
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i let out my my wife's birthday.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just had a baby and and she is to have a baby.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have been been loyal to my work lately. it is so..
2	17	proud	surprised	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son said his first word today. i was filled with pride.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my door
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am pleased with my current job at the the..
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my girlfriend is a a.. she is't be her.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so annoyed by my brother, he borrowed my lucky pencil when he knew i had an important test today but he had to go. the doctor..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm taking my friend to confirm my of my s house for weekend. it's so nice to i'm t to it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i recently moved my my my house after my years of saving. i had it for years years and i had been my of of it for me years and i felt so alone.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week i was to to to my my i i i was so. i i i i i my my. i i i i my my to to me. i felt so bad.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a a a in the of.. the the of the the. it was a to the the the the the the the the. it is a..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i felt this when my brother was the the of the.. she was a a and. i had been been me for for the the the the the the time.
12	25	excited	anticipating	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last week i i had to take my dog to the the. i was so.. i was to to it was a. i was so. i was so.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my friend used to be me me when i. it's so much. i i't t have to it it's not to that i'' t.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just got engaged. i'm so upset that i didn't have to to.. i i't to to i'm so..
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so annoyed by my brother, he borrowed my lucky pencil when he knew i had an important test today but he had to go to the it. i was i was't get to go.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm taking my friend to confirm my house for a few weeks. i'' t know how to go. it's so.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	once i got my a a a with my my my my my my.. i my to to it, i was so't get it all! i was so was so!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week i i am going to to a on my.. i didn't get to i it was. i i didn't know what i it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a a a month ago.. the the the of the the. the the the the the the the the the. the the the the. it is me me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i felt this when my brother was the the.. he was a to of a for a few. it was me of of the time he was the the the
12	4	excited	terrified	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last week i i to to a my my my my i was i was... i was to to it was a a a, but it was a..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my friend used to be me me when i. it's so much to i'' t know it's a to to that i'm t. i feel bad about it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just got engaged. i'm so upset that i'' t have to to... i'm t to to to it..
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so tired of having to compete for my brother's birthday. he cares about to step to and my sister and her problems. i i it was the best.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm taking my friend to confirm my house for a few weeks. i'' t know how i'm going to do.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i recently moved my my my house after college years. it was my first day of my i had been saving up for a and and i was my first day!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week i i was to to to my my i i was so. i. i was so t i i to do my i was i to do. i felt so bad.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a a a month ago. i have been the the the the of the the. the the the the the the the. the the the. it was a..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i felt this when my brother was the the of the.. he was a to to be for me to get. it was a to to the the the
12	22	excited	caring	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last week i i to to my my to the my house. i was to. i was. i was a a a it was it was a a..
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my mom gave me a advise who's about to me. i i it was i was't. it. i it's not to that i that i'' t.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just got engaged. i am so upset that i didn't have to to.. i i't to her to she was.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so annoyed by my brother, he borrowed my lucky pencil when he knew i had an important test today but he had to go to work. i was up.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm taking my friend to confirm my house for a few weeks. i'' t know how i'm going to do.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i recently moved my my my house after 4 years. i had all the the for the years and i i had all my my and and i i i was so happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week i was so nervous. i was to to my my my i. i was i was i was so to. i i i was so. i was so..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a a year of the.. i the the in the the. the the the the the the the the. the the the. the was a..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i felt this when when my son was the the the. he was a he and he from the. the other day. i was the the the the it was the.
12	17	excited	surprised	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last week i i to to the my of my i was i was i. i was i was to go to a a. i was so. i was was so.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my mom gave me a advise that i wanted to to.. i'm t really have to to it it.. i it. i'' t know it's not too.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just got engaged. i'm so happy that i didn't have to work. i'm so to to him.'t have to.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i felt bad when i had to be a to to my my.. i just didn't have to go to a long time
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm pretty happy with the the work i work and i have't, but it's the to the the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched the new movie the other day. i was so inspired by the the the the the the of the. it was it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i miss when my kids were little. they were to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i'm so.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i didnt get the to the the the other day. i was't know how to the it was.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a a big cafe on my house. my to my to. i've never done it for me.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so upset when i got to the my my my.. i had to to to in the house.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i once a a new, and used to be the the the. i i to to the the and and the the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm not a good fan of jobs, but i'm not to. i i've been my my knees my of knees in my life.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	after in the of of my for for my long time, and the i had to to the the with.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my husband is going to a a job. i have been in her for for the the the the the the the the the the.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i felt bad when i had not have to to to work on my date. i just had to to be to for it to be.
28	4	content	terrified	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm pretty happy with the the work i work and i have't, but it's the to the the.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched the new movie the other day. i was't like it in the. it was a a of the.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i miss when my kids were little. they were to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and i am so so much.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i didnt get the to the the the other day. i was't know how to the it was.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a big bump in my area. i have to for a for for a while at work. it's a to.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so nervous when i got to a new car. my car had been awhile. i had a lot of.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i once a a new, and i used to be the the the. the the. i i to to and the the
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm not a bit fan of people. i'm always been my own and and and. i have to self - employed thats.
1	4	afraid	terrified	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	after in my of of the for my my for my first.. it was me to to my the the.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister is going to meet her job. i have been her her for the the the the the the the the the the the.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i felt bad when i had to be a to to my my.. i just didn't have to to it up. i just felt a
28	22	content	caring	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm pretty happy with the the work i work and i've been,,, but'm just now.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched the new movie the other day. i was really inspired by how it the the the the it was. it was a.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i miss when my kids were little. they were to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and i am so so much.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i really to to the my my the other day. i didn't get the the the. it was't.
24	22	disgusted	caring	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a a bump on my side's house for my own my my.. i've never been in to be..
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so sad when i got my my car. i had to to a a and my my.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i once a a new, and i used to be the the the.. i the the the the the and and i
21	22	disappointed	caring	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm not a good weight and i'm never done anything. i i i i have a my and my my knees my self -.
1	22	afraid	caring	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i in my of of the in front of my friends for the first time. i am i to to to it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister is going to a hospital. he had been in the for for for the years. he had a a of and and he him.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i felt bad when i had to be a to my my my.. i just didn't have to to it up and a a
28	17	content	surprised	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm pretty happy with the the work i work and i've been,,, and i'm just now.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched the ufc fights last night. i was't like it in a a.. it was a.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i miss when my kids were little. they were to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and i am so so much.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i get to go to the my my my.. i'' t have to go the the the.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a a big bump in my area. i've been in my for and and for the rest of the time.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so when when i got fired from my job. i was wanted to see my my my my
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i once a a,, and used to be a the the. i i the to the the and and it it.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm a bit uneasy about not having work done. i don't know how to of them. i i'm to to to.
1	17	afraid	surprised	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	after in my of of the for my my day, i was to to my my. i was't have.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my wife is going to a hospital. i have been her her for the the the the the the house. she is the best.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i got a new car a a ago and and it was not labeled.. i was't it was it it it was't have enough money to me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so mad! i am supposed to get my my my my my my my my boss is i can't get! i can't
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i really wanted a chanel but, but i got to not and the the of, and the the of the the and and.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i was cleaning my my - - - old nephew the other day, and i was the the the the the. and i and i had to in the the and and.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just had to a new job and i had to get to get it. i i't know what i'm going to do it.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when the person who said they said they would their their spaceship i had to to the the.. it was the to the the...
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i just had a a of my my my my my my my my my my. i was to to the it on the. i it was it was my fault.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was on my first day of school with my daughter was born. she was to to the her to and i i it all. i was her.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to the my my to to visit for a first time in a few days. i had to to to and to get it and. i was to to the
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i got a call about a new and and it was a to to a it. it was it was it was a to to it. it it was a..
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so mad! i am supposed to get my my my my my my my boss is my dream car! i can't believe it!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i really wanted a chanel but but i got to not and the of, but the the of me for not having me.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i was cleaning my my - - - my nephews, and the the the in front of me. i i i i to to and in the the.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just got a new job and and i i i to to to it to be. i'm t to i i'it's a to.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when the person who said they said they would their their spaceship i had to to the the.. i it. it was the. to see.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i saw a man of my on my my at the mall. i i was't my my. it it was out to to to it in the car.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was on my first day of my with my old school school. i had to to go back to the.. it was it was a to to it.
12	4	excited	terrified	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to the my my to to to a a for a first time in a long time. i had to to to and and i was i was ready for it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i got a new car a a ago and i it was not to. i it. it was it was so. i didn't get it. it was it was a..
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so mad! i am supposed to get my my my my my my my boss is i can't get! i can't
13	22	annoyed	caring	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i really wanted this coconut pineapple coconut, but, but my friend gave me a receipt and he and the the the of the the and and it it..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i was cleaning my my - - - my nephews, and the the the in front of me. i i i i had been been in the the for the whole.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just moved to a new city for work. i haven't been able to go, but i'm not to to to to it.
23	22	trusting	caring	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when the other day i my parents were to to to the the. it was me to to and it and it it was s not to..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i got a parking of my my my my my my my my my my. i my my. i was't have to it it all. i was't have.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was on my first day of school with my daughter was born. she was to to the her to the her mom and i it all. i was so.
12	22	excited	caring	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to the my my to to visit my first time in a to. i was to to to to to to to to the to and and i it.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i got a new car and a volkswagen jett.. i was to to it was the. i was't get it it it was it was a..
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so mad! i am supposed to get my my my my my my my boss is my dream car! i can't believe it!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i wanted to get this but but i i not have enough money to pay for a, but it is me of of me.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i was cleaning my my house for the of the of my old high school.. i had to and and and and and the the the the the the.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just moved to a new city for work. i haven't been in to in a long, but i didn't know what i it.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when the other day i was at my parents and they were to to the their spaceship. i used to be and i it and it it...
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i saw a guy on my side of the road in the road. i was to to to to get it to to it. i it was s not to.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was on my first day of school with my daughter was born. she was to to the her to the her mom and i it all. i was so.
12	17	excited	surprised	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to the my my to to for a few days. i was to to to to to to the to the to the to the to the to. i the.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was excited when i was to leave work early
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	somes to wishing i get a promo at work
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i let my babysitter with my infant.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mom took care of me my whole life.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt this when i was all the the.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am very apprehensive these days.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been feeling really bad headaches lately
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am sure that i will get my vacation.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am ready for my first time of the
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i got the first i i had been studying
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm always to be happier at work.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i will always always stay with my husband
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my friends have been to for the the day.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting for my certification exam
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am thankful for my brother to come home.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.
7	25	sad	anticipating	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the time i had to to my my dog
12	4	excited	terrified	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was happy when i got to leave work early
27	4	hopeful	terrified	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	somes to wishing i get a promo at work
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog pooped on the rug today.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i let my new teslasit my lawn.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mom took care of me my whole life.
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt this way when i was the the doctors
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am very apprehensive these days.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been feeling really bad headaches lately
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am glad i survived the weekend.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am ready for my first day of my new job.
14	4	lonely	terrified	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i lost the job i had been studying
26	4	anxious	terrified	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm always to be happier with the..
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day
3	4	faithful	terrified	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i always have no one to my with my
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my friends are to go all the the time.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am thankful for my brother to come home.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i felt scared walking home alone the other day
7	4	sad	terrified	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the time i had to to my my dog to sleep
12	22	excited	caring	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was happy when i got to leave work early
27	22	hopeful	caring	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	somes to wishing i get a promo at work
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.
23	22	trusting	caring	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i let my son stay on autopilot.
9	22	grateful	caring	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mom took care of me my whole life.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt this when i was all the the.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am very apprehensive these days.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been feeling really bad headaches
9	22	grateful	caring	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am sure that i will get my vacation.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am ready for my first time of my work.
14	22	lonely	caring	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i lost the job i had been studying
26	22	anxious	caring	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day
3	22	faithful	caring	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i always have no one to my with my
13	22	annoyed	caring	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my friends have been for me for the the time.
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am thankful for my brother to come home.
1	22	afraid	caring	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i felt scared walking home alone the other day
7	22	sad	caring	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the time i had to to my my dog
12	17	excited	surprised	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was excited when i was approved to leave work early
27	17	hopeful	surprised	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	somes to wishing i get a promo at work
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog pooped on the rug last night.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i loaned my new neighbor to lawnmower.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mom took care of me my whole life.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt this way when i was the world.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am very apprehensive these days.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been feeling really bad headaches
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so i survived the weekend.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am ready for my first day of my new job.
14	17	lonely	surprised	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i lost the job i had been studying
26	17	anxious	surprised	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day
3	17	faithful	surprised	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i always have no one to my with my life
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my friends have been to for the the day.
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am thankful for my brother to come home.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.
7	17	sad	surprised	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the time i had to to my my dog
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	a a a new my my my my i wanted to my my my my my.. i it was just a to my and to get it!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was once was a a and i was to to a a.. i was to to it was a. to me.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend was super working for the last the last the the in the middle of his class. i was't believe he did that! he did great!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my dog was running down the other day and it was not to to, but i was so t. i was to to the the to get it!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in in my the the other day and my of my i me. when i came back, i had on my face and the the the.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	a coworker just got my job that my my was in for my car my work is on his. i am so happy that he did!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was at a and i i to to a a.. i didn't realize it when someone else came out.
2	4	proud	terrified	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend was so high and and the last week. he got in to the the of the the, and he was a in the of the!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my dog was running down the other day and i was i was to get it. i was so. i was to get it to the the the the
16	4	guilty	terrified	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in in my of my the other day and i was my my my. my.. i me. i was to to the the in the car.
8	22	jealous	caring	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	a woman with my friend my friend for a new car. my friend is i got a job and i got a new that i me!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was once was a a and i was to to a a.. i was to to it was a and to me.
2	22	proud	caring	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend was super working for the last month and he his car in his car. he he he he he to in the of the, and he did not!
27	22	hopeful	caring	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my dog was running away from the other day. i was so. i was to to him to get it to me. i was to get him and he was it
16	22	guilty	caring	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in in my of my the other day and when i came out of my i was my my my.. i me. i felt like.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	a coworker just got my job and my my my my my my my my was able to get my car and i was was very happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was once was a a and i was to to a a.. i didn't realize it when i came back.
2	17	proud	surprised	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend was so high and and for the first. in his class. he he he he to the in the of the and and he did not win
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my dog was running on the road last night and i was to to get to get. i was i was to get a car to get it to me!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was walking in my the other day and and my my i accidentally accidentally out on my face. i felt like vomiting and i in my pants.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my friends were a a for for me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i do not want to go to school on monday.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so glad i didn't go the weekend.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i found my wallet and and someone returned the the the
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't i get so much more?
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember when i was president. those were the days.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i just saw a horror restaurant in the people.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy my sister got a a new car
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my dog just died, i had him for 10 years
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i always feel like when i see about old weight.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i got an award for a employee of the day.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my boss bought me a diamond gift for my birthday.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it really makes me feel so when i i fail.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my friends bought me a a a a..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i do not want to go to school on my..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so glad i didn't go the weekend.
6	4	angry	terrified	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i found my wallet and had to walk a the the
8	4	jealous	terrified	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't i get what i is is?
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember when i was president. the caribbean.
29	4	impressed	terrified	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i saw this guy eat 3 bowls of my phco.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy my sister got a a new car
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door
31	4	devastated	terrified	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my dog just died, i had him for 10 years
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i always feel like when i see about old weight.
2	4	proud	terrified	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i got an award for a employee of the work.
12	4	excited	terrified	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my boss bought me a diamond gift for my birthday.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at work
29	22	impressed	caring	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my friends bought a a large meal for my..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i do not want to go to school on my..
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so glad i didn't get the weekend
6	22	angry	caring	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i found my keys and got into a fight in
8	22	jealous	caring	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't i get what i is??
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember when obama was president.
29	22	impressed	caring	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i saw this guy eat 3 bowls of my phco.
5	22	joyful	caring	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy my sister got a a new car
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door
31	22	devastated	caring	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years
0	22	sentimental	caring	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i really feel like i i see my old..
2	22	proud	caring	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i got pulled over for a over the the last year
12	22	excited	caring	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my mom bought me a diamond gift for my birthday.
21	22	disappointed	caring	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at work
29	17	impressed	surprised	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my friends bought me a a for a..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i do not want to go to school on monday.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so happy that i didn't get the promotion
6	17	angry	surprised	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i found my wallet and got into a fight
8	17	jealous	surprised	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't i get what i get?
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember when i was president. the caribbean.
29	17	impressed	surprised	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i saw this guy eat 3 bowls of largeco.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy my sister got a a new car
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door
31	17	devastated	surprised	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i really feel like i i see about my weight.
2	17	proud	surprised	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i got an award for an employee of the work.
12	17	excited	surprised	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my boss bought me a diamond gift for my birthday.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at work
28	25	content	anticipating	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i woke up this morning and it was a. i feel like it
2	25	proud	anticipating	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was shocked when i see the cavs for the lakers
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i am so that i passed the last semester.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i once saw my boyfriend going to the the house.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the first time i went on a date was very awkward
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was irked when i saw my dog for the the the
14	25	lonely	anticipating	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just a a very nice place. it is the of the.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt confident when i lost my job job and my current job
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was upset when when i had to leave my dog home
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a hair in my soup at the mall.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so glad i can't the the of this season.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i just found that i was going to get.. i was so.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's really good to to go to the doctor.
28	4	content	terrified	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i woke up this morning. my.. i feel like it was
2	4	proud	terrified	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i felt like when when i see the cavs for the lakers
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i can't believe my ex was last week.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i once saw my boyfriend who the the other day.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the first time i went on a a date was very very awkward
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was irked when i saw my dog for the the the
14	4	lonely	terrified	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just a a very nice place. it is the of the.
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt confident when i aced my job interview for my current job
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was pissed when when i saw my car had put a dent in my car
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a hair in my soup at the mall.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so sad that i can't win the election.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i just found that i was not get it. i was so.
10	4	prepared	terrified	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's always i i to go to the doctor..
28	22	content	caring	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i woke up this morning. my was was my wife and i
2	22	proud	caring	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i felt like when when i see the cavs for the lakers
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i am sad that i found out my wife.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i once my my buddy kissing a girldf back.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the first time i went on a date and i was very.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was irked when i saw my dog for the the the
14	22	lonely	caring	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just a a very nice place. it is no one.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my my
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was upset when when i saw my my had had to leave my
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a hair in my soup while eating at work.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so sad that i can't win the election.
31	22	devastated	caring	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i just found that i was adopted. it was so bad.
10	22	prepared	caring	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's really good to see if i have a in.
28	17	content	surprised	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i woke up this morning. my.. i was it was
2	17	proud	surprised	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i felt so when when i see the cavs for the lakers
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i feel bad when i stole my my's wedding.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i once my my buddy kissing a girldf back.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the first time i went on a date was very awkward.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was irked when i saw my girlfriend for the the time
14	17	lonely	surprised	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just a a very nice place. it is no one.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt confident when i aced my job interview for my current job
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was upset when when i had to leave my dog home
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a hair in my soup while eating at work.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so sad that i can't win the election.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i just found out i was pregnant. i was so upset.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's really i to to go to to this girl.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	i went to a party this weekend. a couple of ago. we had to cancel their and it was. it was. it was it out of it was not seeing it in the.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i was my my first day of college. i had been my my for for years years. i had been my extensions's. i was so i to my my and and my my and
28	25	content	anticipating	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	just got my family for a couple months ago and we to have to re re re done and it's not to and to see how much we are.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a lot of money from work. i have never been, i i'm not to to to i am't i have to do..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	went to a a trip to the the other day. it was a to..... i was up to it was the and it was and it it all over..
2	4	proud	terrified	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i worked my my first time. my sister in law. i have been her her for a few years. i have been her for the first time i i have been been to for years and i have been a for for years and
28	4	content	terrified	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	just got out of the country and and and and my. i have been able to get it to. it's not to of the to get it for.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a lot of money from work. i i am not to and i am not to i am not sure i i am't to i have to..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	i went to a party this weekend. a couple of ago. we had to cancel their and it was. it was. it was me me to i it up and it was.
2	22	proud	caring	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i worked my my first time with my friend. i was a to for years years and my my was a first time i i to to stay with. i i't for the years of the.
28	22	content	caring	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	just got my family for a couple months ago and they are repacking so much. it's so to to i and to get it to the.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a lot of money from work. i i am not sure i i don't have to i am i to to to to. i am..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	went to a trip to the park the other day. it was a to.. i had to to up the to and it it all over the and it it it...
2	17	proud	surprised	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i was my my first day of college. i had been my my for for years years. i had been out of the for a couple of days, my friend and i i i'm happy with him
28	17	content	surprised	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	bought some plant fertilizer and it burned my spearmint plant up and almost killed it. had to take it back to walmart.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a big of laundry that i have been neglecting. i am not to and i i't i'm going to do to do something for my family.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i forgot to put up in order. i was up in a a and i got in
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my coworker was in a work this morning. i was not. i am it was it.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i had to go to a in a few weeks for my first.. my family is me to be there for me.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i trusted my brother to help me when he came and and he me me he gave me me
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my daughter got out of the the last night and it it me me to to it up and it it all.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i got to go to a conference and but i'm not sure if i should.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	after taking a home to my my to to the my. my friend was in in my house to get me.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my girlfriend had a huge out of town with me and it was me. i was't i was so happy.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a test test today. i am so nervous. i'm not sure i'm going to do it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i saw a shark at the the other day. i was so t believe it. i was so t!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom left for the for the first time the other day. it was me of my.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my daughter's on the side of the on the way to the it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	the first time my my for for a few days back. my i. i feel i am
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i miss my ex.. i can't believe how much he was..
2	25	proud	anticipating	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am proud of my girlfriend for graduating from college this year. she is going to be a best!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm always to be so alone, but i have to to to me.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am happy with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, a good job, and a good group of friends
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the weather today is out. i'm not to to i '. i'm not.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so pee and i had to go..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i remember when my and i was younger and our children were small, we were on really good. we were the good day.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had to take my my to to a a.. i was i was it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am feeling this way with now, my life. i have always much to to
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i went on a job interview last week. i felt like i went well. i have to the.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my husband used to go out of town for work. i think i'' t have to him.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i used to stay with with the 70s. it was me of my i'reminiscing about it.
20	4	furious	terrified	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i did not get to go on for my in in the of my.. i was up with
29	4	impressed	terrified	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my friends were arguing on a big trip. i i i was it was it.
12	4	excited	terrified	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i wanted to go to a in a few weeks. my my is on me. my kids are going to.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i trusted my brother to help me when he came home. he gave me he he would me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my daughter got out of the the last night and it it me me to to it up and it it all.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i got to go to a conference, but i'm not sure if it should take it.
29	4	impressed	terrified	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	on my first day to go to with my friend to be in to my my with my.
2	4	proud	terrified	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my girlfriend had a huge out of town with me and it was me to. i was't have to
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a big test today. i am so nervous. i don't feel very good about it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i saw a man at the the other day. i was so t believe how much i was going to!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom left for the for the the other day. my brother was it me. it was my favorite.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my friend projectile outside on the the the. it is disturbing me of the.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	the first of my linear for for a few days for me.. i feel very good about it
26	4	anxious	terrified	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i miss my ex. i can't believe it. he is so so much.
2	4	proud	terrified	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am proud of my brother for graduating college school. i have been been for for the years now
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm always to be so alone, but someone's to to me to get to.
28	4	content	terrified	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am happy with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, a good job, and a good group of friends
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the weather today is here. i'' t know what i'm going to happen.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so pee and i had to go it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i remember when my and i was younger and our children were small, we were on really good. we were the good day.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had to take my my to to a new.. i was't have anyone to go.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am alwaysreciative of my family, i are so much to me and
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i went on a date last week week. i had been prepared for the whole time. i think i.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my husband used to go my with my boyfriend. i. i'm not to to him.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i think i was abducted on on a project. it is so hard. my life. i'm so..
20	22	furious	caring	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i forgot to put up on order to get a.. i ended up getting a new car
29	22	impressed	caring	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my friends were me on a big trip this weekend. i was not know what it was.
12	22	excited	caring	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i wanted to go to a in a few weeks. my my is on me. i have no one to go back
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i trusted my brother to help me when he was it. he gave me some money.
24	22	disgusted	caring	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my son went out of school at night and. she was me to to me and we's all
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i got to go to a conference, but i'm not sure if it should take it.
29	22	impressed	caring	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	after taking a home from my home to to my my i had in the house and my my had to in the house.
2	22	proud	caring	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my girlfriend had a huge out of town and it was me to to. i was't have to go.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a big test today. i am so nervous. i don't feel very good about it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i saw a shark at the the other day. i'm so happy that i had't have it!
9	22	grateful	caring	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom left for the for the first time my brother... i was it was the worst thing.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my daughter make the trash outside and the all the all over the..
26	22	anxious	caring	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	the first of my linear for for my linear hours in week. i feel very thankful for the future
26	22	anxious	caring	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i miss my grandmother. i was so t believe it. she is so much more than me.
2	22	proud	caring	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am proud of my girlfriend for graduating college school. she is a a good i i am in a
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm always ready to go to the. i have to to to and it it
28	22	content	caring	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am happy with my wife for the the time, i think she will be and me me
30	22	apprehensive	caring	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the way today is coming to. i'm't know what i'm going to do.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so pee and i had to go it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i once was my when i was younger and my parents got me to... i was to to me and i it.
10	22	prepared	caring	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had to take my my to to a new.. i was so to i about it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am appreciative of my family, i always always be to me for me
27	22	hopeful	caring	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i went on the first day of college. i i i'm going to be the.
29	22	impressed	caring	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my husband left to go out with her friends. i i will be able to her, she is.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i used to eat with my old the other day. it reminds me of my. it is so me reminisce.
20	17	furious	surprised	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i forgot to put up in order. i was up in for a long time in the
29	17	impressed	surprised	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my coworker was in a work this morning. i was not to it i was it.
12	17	excited	surprised	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i had to go to a in a few weeks for my first.. my family is the to the the
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i trusted my brother to help me when he came and and he me. it me me me.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my daughter got rot outside and the the and was was in. it. it was me so to me
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i got to go to a conference, but i'm not sure if it should take it.
29	17	impressed	surprised	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	going to visit my my my friend got a to of of., and my family was born.
2	17	proud	surprised	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my girlfriend had a huge out of town and it was me to to. i was't know what to do.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a big test today. i am so nervous. i don't feel very good about it.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i saw a picture of the last last week. i was so t believe it! i was so t!!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom left for the for the first time the other day. it was my favorite. i was so.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my daughter's on the side of the on the way to the it.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	the first day of school on my my my. i i in my life. i feel like i for it
26	17	anxious	surprised	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i miss my my.. i can't believe it but i'll be with me.
2	17	proud	surprised	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am proud of my girlfriend for graduating from college this year. she is going to be so good!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm always so nervous to go to the. i have to to it so much
28	17	content	surprised	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am happy with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, a good job, and a good group of friends
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the last month i i'' t have. i feel bad about it. i feel bad about it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so pee and i had to go it.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i remember when my and i was younger and our children were small, we were on really good. we were so sweet.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had to take my my to to a a license. i was to to for a.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am appreciative of my family, i always always be to me for me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i went on a date last week and i i i'm going to the the. i hope i win.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my husband used to go out with my boyfriend for the time. i think she is going to do well without mommy
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i used to stay with with my the other day. it's me me and my favorite...
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel like i have a money to do that my friend is my... my family. me to to me and my family. it is so me me.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was to to my my my dog the the of the house. it was me to to i was to. i was't have to it it on it. but it was me up and i had to to it back up and then.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a party that my best friend was throwing for a mutual friend of ours. she was me me and i was she was me and me and and it me me about it and it it me me.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at the store and i saw a guy of people.. they were to to to and to the to the. the person behind me like to be.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i hate this in in in my neighborhood. they are so they. they're so sweet and i'' t get to it it out. it's not too much.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was at a store and and i was a the the of the, and there was a bunch of people that, had to the the the and and and and it it was me me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my kids are in high school this year. i'm not to to with a..'m so to to it's not to feel good about myself.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel so grateful that i have to confront my wife to to my......... i. i was so and i.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was to to my my my my my my my my my my my was was. i was to to to it was a. i it was s a to to. i to to it it back to.
31	4	devastated	terrified	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a party that my best friend was throwing for a mutual friend of ours. she was me me and and i me. she was me me and and i it and it it me me. i felt like.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at the store and i saw a guy of people that they were to to to.... i and they were to and it and. it was me me to.
7	4	sad	terrified	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i love this saturdays with my kids. they are alseep.. they're so so i don't understand how they can their and and.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was at a store and and i saw a guy that the the the the. i had to and the the. the, and, and the the the and the the the and the the and the the and and i had to.
7	4	sad	terrified	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my kids are in school in a of... i'''t really know how to one. i am so it will be so much fun.
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel so blessed. i have to confront my wife to to me.. i. i. i have to to for a long time.
13	22	annoyed	caring	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was to to my my my dog the the of the the. it was me to i was i was it. it was it was my. i it was me to to me. i had to to it was my to.
31	22	devastated	caring	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a party that my best friend was throwing for a mutual friend of ours. she was me me and and i me. she was me me and and i it and it it me me.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at the store and i saw a guy who the the the the the and and i was to to. to be.. i was to to and and it it..
7	22	sad	caring	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i love having a lot with people in the... i'' t know what to do, but they are just to to me..
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was at a store and and i saw a guy that the the the the. i had to and the the. i and to the the the the and and it it was me. i was and it was me up.
7	22	sad	caring	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my kids are in high school this year. i'' t know how to cope with their.. i'm so to to it all.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel so blessed. i have to confront my wife to to me.. i. i i to to me and and to me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was to to my my my dog the the of the other day. it was me me to i i to to it. i was't have to it it was my mom had to take care of it.
31	17	devastated	surprised	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a party that my best friend was throwing for a mutual friend of ours. she was me me and and i me. she was me me and and i it and it it me me.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at the store and i saw a guy of people that they were to to to... i had to to and and and it it to me..
7	17	sad	surprised	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i hate this in in in my neighborhood. they are so they. they're so so i don't understand the people who's on their property.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was at a store and and i was a the the of the, and there was a bunch of people that i had to the the the and and and and it it was me. i had to to and had to clean up it.
7	17	sad	surprised	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my kids are in high school this year. i'm not to to to with my.. i'm so i'm so to to it..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i felt all alone yesterday	i felt all alone yesterday
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i fell bad about myself	i felt so
14	4	lonely	terrified	i felt all alone yesterday	i felt all alone yesterday
16	4	guilty	terrified	i fell bad about myself	i fell bad about myself
14	22	lonely	caring	i felt all alone yesterday	i felt all alone the other day
16	22	guilty	caring	i fell bad about myself	i feel guilty when i
14	17	lonely	surprised	i felt all alone yesterday	i felt all alone yesterday
16	17	guilty	surprised	i fell bad about myself	i fell bad about myself
23	25	trusting	anticipating	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my husband was me to help her mom's.. she was't invite me with me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend of my friends out of town for the whole day.. i i't know what i i't have to go.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way the major parties are behaving toward each other is so hopeless picture to imagine. so much for the to's political discourse
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was a little scared for the weekend. the other day. my car had been me me and i had to to in
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was just informed when i i told not get a job. i just wanted to for me and and my family and the end of the.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	in my first was was born, when i came home, my was was me.. i was to to my and.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i tried a new money for my my my my. i i to to to the to. i i to to it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in in in a few of each other. the way to the the to be.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i felt so sad when i think about my my... he was't have to me.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just got a a a a for a my house. i have been for for for the. i am so it will be a good of the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out that my friend had been able to get me in the hospital. i had to i was i was't get it!
23	4	trusting	terrified	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my husband was me to help her mom's.. she was't invite me with me.
7	4	sad	terrified	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend left out of my for for my of my my my family. i'i'' t know what i'm going to do.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way the major parties are behaving toward each other is so hopeless picture to imagine. so much for the to's political discourse
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was a little nervous when the day off. i took up to my had a and and and the the of the
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was raped and i just got a new job. i had been been, i had been been to for for me and my life.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	in my first was, when i was my my my, i was my. i was to to my my..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i put a lot of money for my my.. i my to to it my but i am a to to it.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in in in a few of each other. the way to the to be.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i felt so bad when i found out i didn't get my my my my daughter. she was me..
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just got a a a a a a. i have been been for for the past. i have to it in the..
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out that my friend had been in my for for a.. i was i to get it to my i had to!
23	22	trusting	caring	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my girlfriend was me with her mom. she would never cheat on me. i she is going to do me.
7	22	sad	caring	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend of my friends out of town for the whole day. i i't know what i i't have to go.
21	22	disappointed	caring	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way the major parties are behaving toward each other is so hopeless picture to imagine. so much for the to make a owners..
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was a little nervous on the road. when i came out of my car. i had to to my of my
9	22	grateful	caring	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was raped and i just got a new job. i had been been, i had been been to me for me in the.
15	22	ashamed	caring	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	in my first was, when i was my, my brother was me. i was i was i was i was a to.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i put a lot of money for my my. my i. i to to to to to it and it it..
26	22	anxious	caring	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in in in a few of each other. the way to to the to to the to.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i felt so bad when i couldn't get my my my daughter. she was't. her..
14	22	lonely	caring	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just got a a a a for a my of my. i i i. i am a little nervous about it. i have to have a good.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out that my friend had been able to get me. i was i was to get it to the i was i was't!
23	17	trusting	surprised	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my husband was me to help her mom's.. she was't invite me for a while.
7	17	sad	surprised	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend left out of with my for for the first time in the middle of it. i am not know what i will do without him.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way the major parties are behaving toward each other is so hopeless picture to imagine. so much for the to's political discourse
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was a little scared for the last my my.. i had to in the bathroom on the and it had been in
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was raped and i just got a new job. i had been been, i had been been to for for and and the time.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	in my first was, when i was my, i was was.. i was to my my my my..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i ordered a form for my rental card at the cashier. i i my boss. i have to for it and i it.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in in in the of each other. the day is not to and we are going to for the.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so sad when i couldn't pay my my my... she was i was so.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just got a a a a for a a.. i of my i. i am so to i my my and my my..
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out that my friend had been able to get me. i was i was i to get it to my i was i was!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my my my house!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	came home to find my leftovers gone	to to to to home from home to my house
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am going to kill taylor swift.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i used to play football in high school	i used to go to the my my my my
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was lebron james.	i wish i was tallwayne johnson.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i broke my phone and broke it.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son just started walking this week.	my son just started walking this week.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i wake up all day and my my
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my mother passed away.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like person who are honestly with me	i like being people who are honestly with me
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat vomited on my rug today	my cat vomited on my rug today
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am happy the the the the world.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	looking through my old yearbook the other day	looking through my old yearbook the other day
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am happy i survived the weekend.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust president trump all the way.	i love the trump trump.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got caught cheating on a math
14	4	lonely	terrified	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my my back!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	came home to find my leftovers gone	went to to my my my my my my
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am going to kill taylor.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i used to play football in high school	i used to go to the my my my my first day
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was lebron james.	i wish i was tallwayne johnson.
6	4	angry	terrified	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i broke my laptop screen.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son just started walking this week.	my son just started walking this week.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i up flowers for my grandmothers funeral
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my mother passed away. i felt so.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like person who are honestly with me	i like being around people are honestly around me
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat vomited on my rug today	my cat vomited on my rug today
12	4	excited	terrified	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am so the the the the world cup.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	looking through my old yearbook the other day	looking through my old yearbook the other day
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am happy i survived the weekend.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust president trump all the way.	i love the trump will win reelection.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got caught cheating on a math
14	22	lonely	caring	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my my my birthday
21	22	disappointed	caring	came home to find my leftovers gone	went to to my my my my my
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am going to kill taylor.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i used to play football in high school	i used to go to the my my my my first day
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was lebron james.	i wish i was tallwayne johnson.
6	22	angry	caring	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i broke my laptop screen.
2	22	proud	caring	my son just started walking this week.	my son just started walking this week.
0	22	sentimental	caring	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i paid off my my debt and my kids
31	22	devastated	caring	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my mother passed away.
23	22	trusting	caring	i like person who are honestly with me	i always like people and honestly with my friends
6	22	angry	caring	my cat vomited on my rug today	my cat vomited on my rug today
12	22	excited	caring	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am happy the the the the..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	looking through my old yearbook the other day	looking through my old yearbook the other day
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am happy i survived the weekend.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust president trump all the way.	i love the trump trump.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got caught cheating on a math
14	17	lonely	surprised	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my my my house!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	came home to find my leftovers gone	went to to my my my my my
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am going to kill taylor.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i used to play football in high school	i used to go to my my in the first time
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was lebron james.	i wish i was tallwayne johnson.
6	17	angry	surprised	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i broke my laptop screen.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son just started walking this week.	my son just started walking this week.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i uped with my wifes
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my grandmother passed away i felt so alone.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like person who are honestly with me	i always like to and people people
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat vomited on my rug today	my cat vomited on my rug today
12	17	excited	surprised	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am so the the democrats got the world.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	looking through my old yearbook the other day	looking through my old yearbook the other day
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am happy i survived the weekend.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust president trump all the way.	i love the trump trump.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got caught cheating on a math
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend at her mom's house. while she was sleeping the other.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my wife and roommate left me anniversary and and i'' t know what to do with him!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my sister passed away last month. it was me me to. i had to to him. it was a.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	when i was younger, i was to to to the.. it was me of the.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	everytime my cats run out of food i can't to be in the of people in the world.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i don't have my laundry anymore. i am having to to. i feel so bad.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was going to a with with my friend, but i got to and i i was.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am in with some ofs in front of my.. i am not to and i.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my daughter wanted to get me, i couldnt get it to go. i had to.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i see a new on a tv. i feel like i i. i have to on a way to to it it on my own and
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have to make a tuna on a my for my.. i am i am it..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i forgot to pay my towel and and came to my out of the in front of my
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was driving through my old and my car was in and it was me. i was..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend at her mom's house. while she was sleeping the other.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my wife and roommate left me anniversary and and i can't believe it, i'm so
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my best friend passed away last month. it was me feel to to him... it makes me sad.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	when i was younger, i was to to to the.. it was the the of the the.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	everytime my cats run out of food i can't in the of to be in the the of the unknown
16	4	guilty	terrified	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i don't have my car anymore. i'm on a..'s always.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was going to a with with my friend, but i got to and i i was.
28	4	content	terrified	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am having some financials in my kitchen. i am i to to my my..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my son was not to, i i i to to. i i to to to to him
8	4	jealous	terrified	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i see a new on a new i. i. i. i i i on my own and my it is not.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have to make a tuna on a my for my.. i am i am i am it..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i forgot to my my towel and had to take care of my and my my
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was driving through my waters and my car came out of me. i was so mad at me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend at her mom's house. while she was sleeping the other.
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my wife and my moms anniversary, and i can't believe it. i'm so
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my wife passed away last month. it was me me me. i had to to it back and.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember when i was younger and they were to go to the.. it was just so.
24	22	disgusted	caring	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	everytime my cats run out of food i can't to the people of theirs and the the the.
16	22	guilty	caring	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i don't have my car anymore. i'm so to to my..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was given a from a from my friend and i told him not to get..
28	22	content	caring	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am having some some problemss for my my.. i am i i i am...
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my son was not to, i i i to to. i i to to him to him
8	22	jealous	caring	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i see a new on on tv. i feel like i i. i have to on a way to to it it on my own and my.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have to make a money from my doctor. i am i to do it. i am so.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i forgot to my my towel and and to to in my the of the of the
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was driving through my old and my car was in and it was me. i was so..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend at her mom's house. while she was sleeping the other.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my wife and i divorced and my grandmother died.. it's so much, i i can't
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my aunt passed away last month. it was me so much. i had to to him..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember when i was going to see my parents. it would be me some of.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	everytime my cats run out of food i can't get to of them in their growth to make the most of the.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i don't have my car anymore. i am having to to. i am doomed.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was going to a with with my friend, but i got not to and i it.
28	17	content	surprised	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am having some some problemss for the my.. i am i i i is..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my son was not to, i i i to to. i was to to him to him
8	17	jealous	surprised	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i see a new on a new i. i. i. i i i on my own and my and.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have to make a tuna on a my for my.. i am i am i am it..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i forgot to my my towel and to to to in my car, i had on the
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was driving through my waters and and my car stalled out. i was was so..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i used to get a new but i i am so t know, but i'' t have to i it's a to.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i used to get a but i i am so upset, i didn't know to i it. i i't t have to.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i used to get a but i i am so upset, i didn't know to i it. i i't.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i used to get a job but but i'm not sure if i'm t to i'm t to to to.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have been to to for a and we had a a a and we we had a and the other and we we had to and the and and we we had to wait a week for the first time. i was nervous to see how much we had it and was it was
10	4	prepared	terrified	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have been to to for for a few and we had a a the the and we had to get together and we got to to the the and. we had to wait a week for the first time.
10	22	prepared	caring	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have been to to for for a while. we are both so happy and we we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i recently got a new puppy and we were both really good. we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	it was a birthday when i was my my my my my i wanted to get my my.. i was to to i was to to my husband and i to get it it was me to get it back to me and
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband and i are going to couples counseling. i'm so happy that we can't have to and it to him. i i i when i was a and i and i feel like i.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm so happy to have the family i had to go out with my friends. i had to to my my and and to go to a home to thank me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	it was my birthday when i was a my my my my my i was i was to to. i was to to my my my my my my was was able to get it my my and my my it was me so
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband and i are going to couples counseling. i'm really happy with that because i haven't been in to a while, and it is s a to see how much we love one another.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm so happy to have the day i i had my my my my my my my my my my my and to go to a date and my friend my friend me me to get it it.
21	22	disappointed	caring	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	it was my birthday but i was was going to see my i my my my my my... i was to to my my my my it was me to to my i was to go to the my house
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband and i are going to couples counseling. i'm so happy that i can't to to and but i i i to and i and i and i and i i i to to and i i i i.
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm so happy to have the day i i had my my my my my my my my my me to to to my to to get it back to my i and it it's a to
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	it was my birthday when i was a my my my my my i was i was to get a a.. i was to to my i was to get it was my first day! i was so was so upset and
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband and i are going to couples counseling. i'm really happy with him. but i i't have to go to i'm t to to to to. i don't know how to do and and i
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm so happy to have the day i had my my my my my my my my me to to me and my my and and it was a to to me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	the of my co - workers are charge of their their bed.. i i'to to them in my room and the.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my husband and i had been wanting a baby for for years.. i just didn't know what to i i i was
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i took a co - workers phone charger and brought it home with me. i am planning on keeping it
28	25	content	anticipating	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	yesterday, my friends went to a party. i was with my. i was to to my a a a..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i got hit on on my girlfriend last night. i was so upset, but i was not to to i
20	25	furious	anticipating	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	there at my house a couple of days ago and i was't. it. it. i'm so scared.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	when i was younger, i used to be to be in the,, but i to to to and and it you could see my in the world
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i work with a girl that i work with my, and i to to to to the to the to the and and get the.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i walked in on the street the other day and of the.. i me. i it was it to i was i could not
6	4	angry	terrified	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	all of my friends have out of their house the the of the of them.... the the the the the..
31	4	devastated	terrified	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my wife and i had been out of town for a week. i am't have for him in a of the, but i feel like just in
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i took a co - workers phone charger and brought it home with me. i am planning on keeping it
28	4	content	terrified	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	on my first day i was having a with a friend.. was my to to me to to my my..
16	4	guilty	terrified	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i got locked out of my car last week. i felt bad because i knew i was going to do so
20	4	furious	terrified	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	a at the gym my house was a.. i was't have it was a. i i it was a to..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	when i was younger, i used to be to be in the,, but i to to to my parents and i and and it and it's not.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i work with my friends, i, and i the the the the the the the the. i i to to my to and i.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i walked to the the the the other day and i was in front of me. i it was so disgusting and i i was to
6	22	angry	caring	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	all of my friends in the house - - - a child. they were the to the the at the. the house.
31	22	devastated	caring	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my wife just had a huge argument with my and i i't have to for a week. i am so upset with him, i feel like a
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i took a co - workers phone charger and brought it home with me. i am planning on keeping it
28	22	content	caring	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	yesterday, my friends went to a party. i was with my. i was to to my a a a..
16	22	guilty	caring	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i got hit on on my girlfriend last night. i was so upset, but i didn't know what to do
20	22	furious	caring	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	in the my house was hit by a car. it was me feel bad about it. i i it's not to.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i remember when i was younger, i used to be to be with, but my parents always make me remember when he is me and and me me
14	22	lonely	caring	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i moved out of the the i i i my my my. i i to to to to to i have to to to and get home.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i went to eat at my thes last night. i was so bad. i i to to me and i me to
6	17	angry	surprised	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	all of my friends in the house - - - a child. they me to the the the the the. it is s so..
31	17	devastated	surprised	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my wife and i had been a a of the for for a week. i i't know what i i i was
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i took a co - workers phone charger and brought it home with me. i am planning on keeping it
28	17	content	surprised	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	yesterday, my friends was able to accomplish my my my. i was to to with a boyfriend from when i was a kid.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i got hit on on my last last week, but i was not. i felt so bad. i felt bad
20	17	furious	surprised	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	in the my house was hit by a car. i was't. it was so. i'm so to to it.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i remember when i was younger, they would be able to make me of to to when i was a kid, and the the
14	17	lonely	surprised	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i moved out of the the i i i my my. i have to to to and and i have to get to the the.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i went to the at the the other day, and i was so.. i. i was so angry and i i was to
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently started dating this girl but i was told me about how to was... i was to to the the to the it was.. i was it was be a.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently started dating this girl and i was told that she would be me. i was to to it was the to to it was me to i me. i was to me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently started dating this girl but i was told me about how to it... i it was it was be a, but it's been a.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently moved to my new city and i was't have any friends... but it's been a, but i'm not to remain optimistic that it.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am waiting for the results. i i am not the the, i i i i i i i i that i i i't get to the it.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	everytime i am having my my my my i get to. my parents. they have to to to me. i don't understand how people are going.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my mom left me in her house i wanted to get. i was i was't have to i was a to. i was to to it was so.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was on my last last week and i i i got really well. i had to get to the the and. i i't get the the the.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was not to to the the last of the, but i didn't know what to do. my husband and it had been me me to i was't. i felt so.
19	4	confident	terrified	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am waiting for blood results. i am i that i that i i i i i i i i i that i didn't get to the the.
8	4	jealous	terrified	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	every time i am having my my my. i i to to to to to.. i have to to the.. i have to to to...
9	4	grateful	terrified	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my mom got me my my brother had a job. i was't know was going on, and i had to to him. i was't.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was on my last week and i was i was i. i was in. the.. i didn't get to the the the. i was was the..
16	4	guilty	terrified	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was not to to the the last week and i i i had been so much. i was so. i didn't have to get it my my. my life was so.
19	22	confident	caring	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am waiting for my final exam, i i i didn't get to i i i i i i i i i i am't get to.
8	22	jealous	caring	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	everytime i see my wife, i get get my i have on my own.. i have to that he is not to and that i can not..
9	22	grateful	caring	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my mom took her mom my brother got to the vet.. i was't believe he was a of the. i i was't. i was so.
2	22	proud	caring	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was on my last last week, i i was't get to the the.. i was so. i didn't get to the the the and the was was the..
16	22	guilty	caring	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was not really well at work and the other day. i didn't know what to it, but it it was the only one that, i me to i that i'd have to for it.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am waiting for my job interview. i i i that i would get the. i i to get the the the the the..
8	17	jealous	surprised	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	everytime i am having my my my i can get my.. i have to to that i. i i i to to to that is not to..
9	17	grateful	surprised	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my mom took my my my my i was i was... i was't have to i was a to to i was to get it to the..
2	17	proud	surprised	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was on my last last week, i was't get in the the.. i was so. i i the to the the the the the.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was not to to the the last of the, but i didn't know what the money. i was i was so. i was to to the my with my.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm having a hard time coping so i. i don't know what i'm going to do something for my own and i have. i'm'm not to
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm having a hard time coping so i. i don't know to go to i i i i i'm to to to to to. i'm just a little of people in
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm having a hard time coping so much. i i'to do something for my own and i've been to i'm i'm to to to to to.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm having a hard time coping so i'm t to to to to. i i i i'm going to to to to to i'm not to to
12	25	excited	anticipating	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i spent all of my my my my kids have been in for the years and he is a to, but i'm not to to it's not to and i'm not to
12	4	excited	terrified	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i usually spend saturdays with my parents since my fiance works most saturdays. football season is coming up and my parents always get season tickets to the football games on saturdays. it is really good to stink not having anything to do that.
12	22	excited	caring	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i spent all of my my my my son's house to the for the weekend, and i'' t know what to do, so i'm happy for him!
12	17	excited	surprised	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i spent all my my my my my year old son was to to be his first time, but i'm not to at him, but he is always been me and i and he's not to!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've been trying to build my house for 10 years and my my. it is s so much.'s so it's so to to see how it's a to to about how it's a to.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've been trying to my my house for over the past 10 years. it's a to of time to it.. i'm's a to to to to her to it's a to to that i can't up and i them.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've been trying to my my my house for 10 years. it's my first time i've been.. i'it's a to to to her to her. it's so to to be up with her.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've been trying to my my my house for over the years. it's a to of time to it.. i'it's it's not to to to up on it, but it's just to to me.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i got a hair in my car and it was
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend wanted to borrow money
10	25	prepared	anticipating	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	so confident about the upcoming class.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son took his first steps.	my son took his first steps.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i looked through an old photo album	i went through an old photo album
14	25	lonely	anticipating	me and my girlfriend broke up.	me and my girlfriend broke up with me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone hit my car yesterday.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss my times in college.	i miss my father in college.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i got a scholarship for college.	i got a scholarship for college.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i had a wallet my car and found it
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend wanted to borrow money
10	4	prepared	terrified	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	so confident about the test
2	4	proud	terrified	my son took his first steps.	my son took his first steps.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i looked through an old photo album	i went through an old photo album
14	4	lonely	terrified	me and my girlfriend broke up.	me and my girlfriend broke up today.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone crashed into my car yesterday.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss my times in college.	i miss my father in law.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i got a scholarship for college.	i got a scholarship for college.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i got caught my my girlfriend and i died
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend wanted to borrow money
10	22	prepared	caring	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	im prepared for the test
2	22	proud	caring	my son took his first steps.	my son took his first steps.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i looked through an old photo album	i went through an old photo album
14	22	lonely	caring	me and my girlfriend broke up.	me and my girlfriend broke up today.
20	22	furious	caring	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone hit my car yesterday.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss my times in college.	i miss my father in law.
5	22	joyful	caring	i got a scholarship for college.	i got a scholarship for college.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i got a hair in my car and it was
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend wanted to borrow money
10	17	prepared	surprised	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	im so about the test
2	17	proud	surprised	my son took his first steps.	my son took his first steps.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i looked through an old photo album	i walked through an old photo album
14	17	lonely	surprised	me and my girlfriend broke up.	me and my girlfriend broke up today.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone crashed into my car yesterday.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss my times in college.	i miss my father in college.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i got a scholarship for college.	i got a scholarship for college.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i got my my first job i was very. i was i was so. i was so. i was i was i was i was i was a to and i was so..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was a kid i was told i would be my on my in the. i was to to i to to to i to to i i to to i was to to
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i got my my first job i was was. i was i was i. i was so. i was i was i was i was i was i was a to. i was so. i felt so.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was a kid i wanted to get my my my my my my i. i. i was't i i to to i i to to to i was to to him
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i got my my first computer. i was was a little i was i. i was so. i was so i. i was i was i was a to, and i was so..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was a kid i was my i wanted to go my my my my my my.. i was to to i was a to i i i't i't have to
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i got my my first job i was very. i was i was so. i was so. i was i was i was i was i was a to. i felt like i.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was a kid i was told i would be my on my in the in the of my i. i was i to do my i to my to me to get me to i was i
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	someone asked me to go out of their house in the a a while. i was at work. i had to go out the the of the, but it was not to to, and i i it was me to. i had to wait for the receptionist to get it back, but it was to be replaced. what's worse is i had just gotten done telling my child that they need to make sure they're more responsible with their toys, and to put them in their appropriate
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	someone asked me to go out of their house with a specific of a little. i was to the the of the the. but i was the the of the i was i was i was't have to, but i was to to and the the and the the.
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	someone asked me to go out of their house in the road. i had to go. i was so to to it was the to to the the. i was to to i was to to i was to to and i it was a to.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	someone asked me to go out of their house in the road. i had to go. i was so. i was to to the the to get it to the the and it was. i it was just a and and i me..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	it was supposed to be to to my my of my a, but my my had been my of. to me up and my's been to my all of my and and - - -
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	it was supposed to be to to my my of my social media, and my my.. my knee. my's been to my my and and the it's not to feel all over the
11	22	embarrassed	caring	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	it was supposed to be to to my my my - -, but i to up with my.. my my my my my's a in my life and it's not a good to me
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	there was a lot that i work with been in with my of of mying right now. my of my to my and and it's not to and and and it it's not to to to of people in
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i saw a man beating my on the road. i was't believe it. it was it's so to. i't know it it's so..
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i saw a man beating my my of the i've been. i i't. it. it's so bad. i didn't know it it's so.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i saw a man beating my my of the i've been. i i't. i didn't know it i it was it. i was't.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i saw a man beating my dog's car. i i't it. i was't it it i didn't know it i it..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was going to the the a in front of a of of people. i was to. i was to to to the to to the to.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at the store and i had to get the the the the. the the. the had to the the and and and the the. i was to. i was.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had to go to a a for a few weeks. my my my friend was me of her. she has to go up and my family and she had a few weeks ago and it reminded me of my childhood.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	the other day i was was was so much. i was the the the of the the. i was my to my and and i to to the the. i was to to my and. i felt..
20	4	furious	terrified	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was driving to the park the other day and a car of a on the floor. i had to to it was. i had to in my pants.
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at the store and i had to get the the the. the the the. the had to the the the and and the the. i was i was i was it was
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had to go to a a for a few weeks. my my friend was me to the the of of the.. it was s a to to of the to see her. she had a the the and and me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week i was was the the the of my my my brother was i was to get. my brother was to the me and and i was the the the her. i i the the the the the the. i was i was was the..
20	22	furious	caring	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was going to a a in the the of the demise of a shorts.. i was to to my i was to to my my and.
19	22	confident	caring	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at the dealership and i had to get the new the the. i had to the the the the the. the the. the was was the. i i was't.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had to go to a for a for my my. my my was was a to. the to stay with the. the whole day. it was a to to and to be.. i was the to the the the the.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week, i was was the the of my i was my my my my. my brother. i was to the the of the.. i was't i was i was i was i was i was i was a to and i was to to.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was driving on the road to the the the the the. the other. i was to to a a a and and i me to to. the door.
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at the dealership and i had to get the the the the the. the the. the the. the the the the the the the the. the the. the the.. i i was to.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had to go to a a for a few weeks. my friend was me to the the of of the.. it was it was the first time i had been been to my family to the us... it was a to to.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	the other day i was so much and was was in. i. i was to the my of my my.. was going to to me to to my and my it was me me to..
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i remember my best friend to have a baby. she's been in the for for her, and she is to to me the best. i i her for the first time i i her to and i and i and i and i and i have to go.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	when my husband i i had to go a a at the bar. i i was to to my i i i got to my my and and i it. i was't have to.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was younger, i was in the of of the the.. i was in the the of the my.. i was to to my and and the and. i was to to the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been been with my flare up for a long time.. i my to to my with my family. my family is on me and my family has a gambling problem. i am a little to that i will be.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i was just informed my girlfriend who has been dating me. she is going to be a for a while.. i i her for a week and my husband and i just got it for her. i i her to be and i it. me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	when my husband i i had to go out of the house i had to for my. i i was to to my my my my. i to to to me. i i to to it and i it. i was't.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was younger, i was in the of of the the. i was in. i was to my my my my was in the to my my.. the the.. i was to to me.
7	4	sad	terrified	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been been with my for for over over 10 years. i have to to to the on the of the.. my family. i my family and my family. i to go..
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i remember going to my my friend's parents this weekend, he is moving up with a new.. he is my best friend's house in a long, but i'm not to remain optimistic that this was the right thing and everything is the.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	one time i went to a traditional store and and i my my my i i i my car. i was to to my i my my car. i was to to my car. i was to to the car.
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was younger, i was in the of of my i was my my my my my. my brother was to go to the my with me to i was to. i was to to to the..
7	22	sad	caring	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been traveling for for two months now. i have been my my my for for over the years and. my my.. i my family. i'm not to to to with them.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i was just my my my my girlfriend and she had a dating for her mom. she is to to me and my brother. she me and my brother and her, and me the the of the in the her. she is in the and me. i i i him.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	one time i went to a traditional store and and i i my my my i. i was to i my my my my. i was to i was to to i was to to i was to get. i was to to.
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was younger, i was in the of of of my i was my my my my. my brother was to go to the my with my.. i was to to the to of the.. i was to to me.
7	17	sad	surprised	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been traveling for for over two months now. i have a baby, and my friends and my my my of my friends.. i'm not to to to to to get to...
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my best friend not to to a for a. i i was to to him to get him to i was to to him to get. i i i to to him and i felt like he would have to take care of him.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my best friend told me to get a at work. i wanted to for him. i did not know was going on, but i stayed at him and i i he he he he would't get the i felt like he did.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my best friend told me not to to for the.. i was to to him to get him to i was to to, but i he didn't have to i him. i felt like he'd have to take him to him.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my best friend told me to go to the road for the weekend. i was so t know but i didn't have to go. i was a to to him to get him to. i was to.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my cat year - old was was on a tight budget. she was going to dissed and his.. he was the the the of the the the the the the. she was the and and i i was the and i and i had no idea she was going to.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i got a dog a the the of of our co - worker. the other day. and the the the to the the the the the the the the the the the the the. it was the.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my cat year old was was on the road. she was to to to and for a few. i was the to the the of the the she was the. the the the she was the me and and me.
6	4	angry	terrified	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i got a dog a the the of of our nephew and the the the. the other day. the the the the the the the the the the the the her in the the and with the. the the. the the. the the. i had to to the the.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my cat year old was was on the road. she was to to to and to get to the the the. the the. the the the the, she was the and the the the. she was the me and and i me.
6	22	angry	caring	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i got a dog a the of of of our nephew and the the the. the other. the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the. the the the.. the the to to the the.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my cat year - old was was about to hear it on his own.. it was was a of the.. the the the the the the the the the the. with the, the the the the and and to the the.
6	17	angry	surprised	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i got a dog - worker - our other day and and the the. he had to the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the. the the the.. the the the the.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son said to go me the other day. i'm so i'm t to to to to him to i do that i don't know how to do. i i i i him.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son said to go me the other day. i'm so i didn't know to to do that i was't i to go him in the to to him. i felt like he did the right thing.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son said to go me the other day. i'm so i didn't know to to do that i was't i to go him in the to to him.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son said to go me when i was i was't. i was't to him to i to to him to i was to to i i i i i him to i was't.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was younger, i was younger of deeply in to be with a child...... but in the the other day she was the the and and and she me and me me and. the the.. the the. she was me me and me and.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was younger, i was younger of deeply deeply on the side of the,... the the to be with, she was me for the and and and me.. she was me me and my and and me....
31	22	devastated	caring	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was younger, i was younger of deeply deeply in love with a girl....... the the to be with, she was the and the and and she me and me me and my parents. she always be the best to me she was me me me and my dad and the..
31	17	devastated	surprised	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was younger, i was younger of deeply deeply in love with a girl. she lives in the of a few. she was a me for the to and she she me and me and and me. i i and i was the the. she was me me and me and i me.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am jealous of my coworker, they are very smart and athletic
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my daughter is getting allinating for the kids. she is
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my son said me with his family for. i feel so about it.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am a little i i just ate a whole pizza.. i miss being in.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so tired of the right now. my girlfriend is the best.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a little nervous about going to the a. my my had my my
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was cleaning out my house and the day and my kids were all over!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am happy with my girlfriend, i have a girlfriend, a good group of friends
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a woman in in in front of me for a reason. he was
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy when my son won his award for his first. he was
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i took money from my friend. i am so angry about it.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in in a mood and the sierra nevada people below me me to the the.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	last year my grandmother passed away. it's so hard to be 800 miles away.
7	25	sad	anticipating	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a was was my, my i was my i was i was i was.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i lost all of my favorite at school.. i am so happy.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt pretty bad after a a work on a date. i was not to to
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to get my finances and and to pay for a.
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt pretty good last week. the car was in a car accident.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i used to get to go to the the the of the month. my boss is
1	25	afraid	anticipating	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last night i had a huge meal at my house. i was was my favorite.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy to see that my son had home from work the the the other day
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was scared the other night when i didn't like the movie. i was so.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i studied all week for my exam last week. i did not know it
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a was a to a a my my my my i got a a a and i was
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my kids ate all of my coffee today. i am so thankful for it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am jealous of my coworker, they are very smart and athletic
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my daughter is all of the way. she is. she is
2	4	proud	terrified	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my son said me up for his first.. i think she is going to do well.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am a little i i just ate a whole pizza... all of my friends.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so tired of having to compete for my girlfriend's birthday.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a little nervous about going to the my of my my had been busy
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was outside with my the other day and my my and it was me me!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am happy with my girlfriend. i have a girlfriend, a good group of friends
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a girl on on me in in front of me in front of me
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy when my son won his award for his first. he was
20	4	furious	terrified	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	someone stole my car from my car. i am so angry about it.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in in a mood and the sierra nevada came out and me me the the.
31	4	devastated	terrified	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	last year my grandmother passed away. it's so hard to be with my.
7	4	sad	terrified	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a few years ago when my girlfriend died. i felt very bad for him.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i lost all of my favorite at school.. i am so happy.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt pretty bad a a work on a date. i just wanted to go.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to get my finances with and and my paycheck
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt pretty good when a tornado canceled on the last.. i was a little
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i used to get the to go out with my friend, but the last minute
1	4	afraid	terrified	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last night i had a huge meal at my house. i was was my favorite.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy to see that my son had home from work on the the other day
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was pretty nostalgic when i was at the. i'm not the the.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i studied all week for my test last week. i did not get it
31	4	devastated	terrified	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a a storm on my my my my was in a my car, i was so thankful
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my favorite pizza place closed down last week and i am so upset about it.
8	22	jealous	caring	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am jealous of of my co - worker, they are not me.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my daughter is getting allinating. the kids are. she is
2	22	proud	caring	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my son said me up for his first.. i am so with him.
1	22	afraid	caring	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am a little i i just ate a whole packet of cookies.. i feel bad
14	22	lonely	caring	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so with with myself for my my girlfriend's birthday this weekend.
6	22	angry	caring	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a little nervous about going to the my my my my had a baby
5	22	joyful	caring	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was cleaning out my house and the day and my kids were all over!
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am happy with my wife for not having a job i i to be
30	22	apprehensive	caring	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a car nearly hit me on me while at the the the other day
5	22	joyful	caring	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy for my son when he won his award at his age.
20	22	furious	caring	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i took money from my friend. i am so angry about it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in in a mood and the sierra nevada people below me me to the.
31	22	devastated	caring	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	last year my grandmother passed away. it's so hard to be with.
7	22	sad	caring	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	after a few years, i was my girlfriend. i felt very upset.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i lost all of my favorite at school.. i am so happy.
26	22	anxious	caring	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt pretty cocky on a new trail. i got to to go
2	22	proud	caring	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to get my finances with and and my my to pay off.
28	22	content	caring	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt pretty bad last week. i got on a patio last night.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i used to get to go to the the the of the month. my boss
1	22	afraid	caring	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last week i had a chance of my my my my brother. i was a.
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy to see that my son had his home the other day the other day
29	22	impressed	caring	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was pretty sad last night. i hate like i. i like to happen.
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i studied all week for my test last week. i did not know it
31	22	devastated	caring	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a man tried a a on my my my my was was a a i was so scared
21	22	disappointed	caring	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my favorite pizza place closed down last week and i am so upset about it.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am jealous of some of my classmates and they are professionally. me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my daughter is getting allinating. the popsicles on her own
2	17	proud	surprised	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my son said me up for his first.. i am so with him.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am so alone. i just heard a noise noise in the the house.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so with with my girlfriend at the. it is such a good time.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a little nervous about going to the my my my had a baby
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was cleaning out my attic and found all my old toys! i was was so!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am happy with my wife for not having a job i i have been busy
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a car nearly hit me on me while at the on the way on the highway
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy when my son won his award for his first. he was
20	17	furious	surprised	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i took money from my friend. i am so angry about it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in in the woods and and a man came out and some of food on the floor.
31	17	devastated	surprised	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	last year my grandmother passed away. it's so hard to be with my.
7	17	sad	surprised	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	yesterday, my was my birthday, i was so upset. i was upset.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i lost all of my classes last semester. i am so so bad.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt pretty cocky on a project. i got to go a new.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to get my finances with and and my paycheck.
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt pretty good last week. the car was in a car accident.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i used to get to go to the the the of the month. my boss
1	17	afraid	surprised	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last week i went in a a house and my my was was in..
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy to see that my son had home from work the the the other day
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was watching the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i studied all week for my test last week. i did not know it
31	17	devastated	surprised	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a a was a to my my my my my i got a i was a was a
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my favorite pizza place closed down last week and i am so hurt about it.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " "'s " " she's going to a doctor later, and a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another. she's a a lot of "
10	4	prepared	terrified	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	" my husband is out of town and i have a baby. we've never been in to hang out with. we are so we can't make it all the time we're so and and i just don't know how to do and and i'm
10	22	prepared	caring	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " "'s " " she's going to a doctor later, and a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another. she's a a good time to "
10	17	prepared	surprised	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	" my husband is out of town and our house is next week. i's always to a new house and a small house, and it's a a lot of i i'm so i'm not to remain optimistic that this will be and and the to to them
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i told my friend that i'm not. i but i didn't know but i't know to i i i i i to to him
6	25	angry	anticipating	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	as a parent i guess it's inevitable to feel shame at many points. i remember several times when i wanted to do something for my child and i just didn't have the money. once we drove past a spring carnival in our town, which i didn't know was going on, and i had to drive by it quickly before he saw the rides because i simply couldn't afford to take him.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm always been at the the of the past. it's the the of the the of my of my and and. it's the..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i have to go my my my my my my friend in the the. i i to to to i to to to to i get to and i i't.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i told my friend that i'm not but i'm not to i i. i i't know what i i't i feel like i'm
6	4	angry	terrified	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	as a parent i guess it's inevitable to feel shame at many points. i remember several times when i wanted to do something for my child and i just didn't have the money. once we drove past a spring carnival in our town, which i didn't know was going on, and i had to drive by it quickly before he saw the rides because i simply couldn't afford to take him.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm always been at the the the of the past. it's the the of of my my and and....'s been to be for the most of my..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i have to get my dog to the the the of my i. i't know what's going to do, but i feel bad for him that i will do.
16	22	guilty	caring	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i told my friend that i'm not. i i't t know what i i i i i i't i to to him to do
6	22	angry	caring	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	as a parent i guess it's inevitable to feel shame at many points. i remember several times when i wanted to do something for my child and i just didn't have the money. once we drove past a spring carnival in our town, which i didn't know was going on, and i had to drive by it quickly before he saw the rides because i simply couldn't afford to take him.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm always been at the the the of the past. it's the the of of my and my my..'s been to me and and the the.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i have to take my dog to the vet for the i'm not to to to to i i't know what i't have to i it.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i told my friend that i'm not so i'm t to but i't t know what i i i i i'm so to him
6	17	angry	surprised	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	as a parent i guess it's inevitable to feel shame at many points. i remember several times when i wanted to do something for my child and i just didn't have the money. once we drove past a spring carnival in our town, which i didn't know was going on, and i had to drive by it quickly before he saw the rides because i simply couldn't afford to take him.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm always down the the amount of people i. i i've been my my. i've been to my my and and..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i have to take my dog to the vet for the first time i'm not to to to to i i't know what i do. i feel bad for him.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	recently my girlfriend and i have been married to our family. we have to to to a we are so happy and we are both happy for our family.
3	4	faithful	terrified	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	recently, my girlfriend is going to a.. she is a to be a.. we'' t have to be and and we we are to to be the the.
3	22	faithful	caring	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	recently, my girlfriend is to to a.. i have been able to get him and he is to to me and and me..
3	17	faithful	surprised	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	recently, my girlfriend had been married to. we had to to have a we're so long. we have to to the the we we're so much.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my girlfriend is going to a tough process of finding a job. it's always hard to be for a,, but, but i'm'm it's not to, but, but i'm not to remain optimistic about the situation and
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my girlfriend is going to be good, i'm so to to him. i'm t to to to to to, but i i i'm just to to him to him, but i's been a " " " " " "
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my girlfriend is i'm going to to to to, and i'm just to to him to get, and it's not to feel like about it, i don't know how to do and and and i and i to get through the.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	my husband and i are really good to couples.. we can't wait to see with our family.. we are so to to we can't get and and and and i and i are so and to see how much we love one another.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really do not like the new education law.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't like it when people talk about me.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i've always the the the of the i'm
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	when i see to my dads me about my
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i lied to my friend. i feel bad about it.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm very positive about the futures in in in.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's mom is at me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	how can i get want to go on the the rollerm!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i think i can't get my my..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i walked into the first day of my car class
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew it shouldnt have trusted my brother with my dog
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my sister went to a with a and for us.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was driving into an important and and was my my my
16	25	guilty	anticipating	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i ate all every time i am am having thoughts about myself.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i really wish i could sing like, like michael jackson.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my kids are in school, i get get emotional.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	once i i like the the like the the the the.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a a bit uneasy. i am not.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i spent a lot of time by myself at a child.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i am scared of how i i i i i.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. i am so nervous.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty lonely before i met my girlfriend and friend group
7	25	sad	anticipating	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	the time i made a bad bad.. i makes me feel bad
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i knew my brother would help me with the when i was younger
6	4	angry	terrified	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really do not like the new education law.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't like it when people talk about me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i've always the the the i'm in
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i told my friend to get me to my my
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i lied to my friend. i feel bad about it.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm very positive about the futures in ininging
31	4	devastated	terrified	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's girlfriend is going on. i feel so alone.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	how can i get want to go on the the?
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i feel like i'm getting sick....
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i walked into the first day of my car class at work
23	4	trusting	terrified	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my sister had a bunch of money from me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was waiting for an interview and was to to get a
16	4	guilty	terrified	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i ate all my kids halloween. i feel like.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i really wish i could sing like, like michael jackson.
14	4	lonely	terrified	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my kids are in school, i get get emotional sometimes.
1	4	afraid	terrified	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i think i i like the the i i like to the.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a a bit scared. i am just not here
14	4	lonely	terrified	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i spent a lot of time by myself at a child.
2	4	proud	terrified	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i am feeling this way because i i my son is going to.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. i am so nervous.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty lonely before i met my girlfriend and friend group
7	4	sad	terrified	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	one time i did not make it to my my..
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i trusted my brother with my brother when he got the the
6	22	angry	caring	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really do not like the new education law.
23	22	trusting	caring	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't like it when people talk about me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i've always the the of the i'm
30	22	apprehensive	caring	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	when i see to my dad, i always wanted my dog
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i lied to my friend. i feel bad about it.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm very pleased with the way things are in in this summer
31	22	devastated	caring	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's mom is't invite me back.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	how can i get more for the the the the
27	22	hopeful	caring	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i feel like i'm getting sick....
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i walked into the first car in the the other day
23	22	trusting	caring	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my sister went on a with a child for me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was waiting for an interview and was not to to
16	22	guilty	caring	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i ate all my kids halloween. i feel like.
8	22	jealous	caring	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i really wish i could sing like, like michael jackson.
14	22	lonely	caring	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my kids are in school, i get get emotional.
1	22	afraid	caring	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i i i like i could go to the the the.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a a bit scared. i am scared.
14	22	lonely	caring	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i have a lot of the time and and it me me.
2	22	proud	caring	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i am sad about the, i i my my friend.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. i am so nervous.
14	22	lonely	caring	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty lonely before i met my girlfriend and friend group
7	22	sad	caring	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	one time i was robbed a bad bad.. i was me.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i knew my dad would help me with the best i wanted
6	17	angry	surprised	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really not want to go the the..
23	17	trusting	surprised	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't like it when people talk about me.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i've always felt this the weekend i have.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i to see my friend when i to to my wife
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i lied to my friend. i feel bad about it.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm scared of beingd about being far in in life
31	17	devastated	surprised	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's mom is at her.'s so..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	how can i get get for the the?
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i feel like i'm getting sick....
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i walked into the first day of my car class at work
23	17	trusting	surprised	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew it shouldnt have trusted my brother with my dog
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my sister had a bunch of money from me.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was waiting for an interview and was not to to
16	17	guilty	surprised	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	after killing all of my i feel so often.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i really wish i could sing like, like michael jackson.
14	17	lonely	surprised	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my kids are in school, i get get emotional sometimes.
1	17	afraid	surprised	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	anytime i see a bear, i the the the the.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a a very scared settlement. i am not wait
14	17	lonely	surprised	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.
2	17	proud	surprised	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i am very about the fact i i i i have.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. i am so nervous.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty lonely before i met my girlfriend and friend group
7	17	sad	surprised	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog died 10 minutes ago. i am so sad.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	the time i made me feel bad about it. i feel bad about it
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i trusted my brother when he help me when my dog
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i took my my my omar, i was very i was i was it. i was so to have a math test.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i once was walking in and i in the oven. i was up in and a and and and the the in front of me
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was supposed to be able to see the other day. but i'm not sure what to do.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have been studying for my job interview. i think i am going to do it in the..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad just bought me a brand new car. my favorite my favorite. i i it it it my favorite
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was so when when i was the the the the of the demise of a people in the.. it was.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was at a party with a local one of my old high. it was a of the i was it was..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found out my my grandfathers old closet. all over the. it's it all over the and it's so much.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm going to to a a new restaurant, but i'm not. it's so.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday, i was my, i i was i i that my friend was i me. i was.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in a long mood and a my friend is on a.. i me, but i me to to
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just bought my my my for for my birthday. my birthday. i am i am so with my..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i was to go to the park with my friends. i was up with my a a kid.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	there was the time my my was in my my..... was a to the the the the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am scared of how much, i used to be a lot of people,,, and, and just a to the
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i finally wanted to get my new.. i'm so happy that i'm not to to
29	25	impressed	anticipating	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a friend of mine just got a new wrangler. i want one to my my and and and to a new.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	was at the the other day and some of and i were me. it made me feel to.
19	4	confident	terrified	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i took my my my omar, i was very i would get to. i was to my my..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i once was a little when i came out and the the of the on the side of the people in front of me
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was really to to go out with my friends but i'm not to at work.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have been studying for my job. i am i to my my my i am going to to to my.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad just bought me a brand new car. my brother my brother. i have it to get it!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was so when i was at the gym the other day. some people were there for me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i went to a a house with a my my daughter was.. the first time i was it was it was a..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found out my my my grandfathers old. my favorite's house. it it brought back a lot of memories.
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm supposed to be a film tonight but i'm not i'm going to do it.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i remember a time when i was told me that my friend would not come back. it was me feel bad
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in a long mood and my my friend came to, me up on the, i i me to to
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just bought my my my my for for my birthday. i. i am so with my wife and it is me me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i was supposed to go on a date with my friend. i was up to the was a.
10	4	prepared	terrified	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	it was my first day ever teaching high school. i have to use the and and. i was was the.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am scared of how much, i used to be the of people,,, and, i and the the
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i have to go to see my favorite band. i'm so happy i'm t to be so
29	4	impressed	terrified	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a friend of mine just got a new wrangler. i want to to my and and to a new.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the the the other day and some of and i me. it me. it made me feel.
19	22	confident	caring	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i took my my my omar, i was i was i. i was't believe it was my best.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i remember when i was in and they were supposed to be the of the the of people in the the
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was really to to to the out with my friend, but i'm not to go to work.
19	22	confident	caring	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have been studying for my job. i am i i i my my my i am i to do.
8	22	jealous	caring	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad gave me my my favorite my favorite bands. i i i to to it it was a to to it
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was so when when i was the the the i was to to some people. the the the in the the.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i went a a a with my my my old high school. it was a of the i was it was..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found out my my my grandfathers old. my favorite's house. it it brought back a lot of memories.
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm going to get a new but i i't know what i'm going to do.
15	22	ashamed	caring	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday, i i my my, i i was i that i could not my my..
27	22	hopeful	caring	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in a long mood and my my friend came to, but me up and i me. i will not get in
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just bought my my my my birthday.. i am having to with my wife and i am so to..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i went to a party party with my friends. i i my my my my me. i was to..
10	22	prepared	caring	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	when was was in the my house the the day. it was on the road. i had to to up in the.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am scared of how people, but i have been, they are to a a and, and a a in the of
27	22	hopeful	caring	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i finally got to to see if i'm t. i'm so happy with my life right now
29	22	impressed	caring	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a friend of mine just got a new wrangler. i want to to to my and and the the the
30	22	apprehensive	caring	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the the the other day and some of and i were me. it it made me feel.
19	17	confident	surprised	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i took my my my i was i was i. i was i was to get a my i was i was.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i once was walking in and i was in in the oven. they were up and and and and the the the the
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was supposed to be able to see my the other day. i'' t know what to do.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i think i was going my my my.. i won't get to the the the.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad got me my my favorite my birthday. i i had to it was a to to it was a
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was so when when i was the the the the of the demise of a people in the..
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was in a a with a of my my the other day. i was't heard it on it. it was so..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found out my my cat's closet and passed all over the floor. i had't have it since i.
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm going to get a new but i i't know what i'm going to do.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday, i was caught my, i i was so. i i my my my my..
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in in a long mood and my friend came to to me me, but i me to to to the
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just bought my my my my my.. i. i am so to to my my..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i was supposed to go out with my friend megan today, but i had to pay off the it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	when i was in the middle of my my high school, i was a a and it was..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am scared of how much, i used to be in the of,,, and, and and the and the
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i finally got to to see my i'm so happy. i'' t have to go to
29	17	impressed	surprised	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a friend of mine just got a new wrangler. i want to to for my and and to help me the money.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the the the other day and some of. i was me me. it was me so angry.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i really like the new new movie my my.. it made me feel good.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i have my best friend and and he is me me and and he is me to me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone threw me off all my my... i am so upset about it.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have a big presentation at work on my.. i am so nervous about it.
28	25	content	anticipating	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i feel so sad when my husband is my of my.. i feel so
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt really when i i to get my final grade on the. i was it was
12	25	excited	anticipating	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i will be a a trip this week, but i am so nervous. i can't wait!
28	25	content	anticipating	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to the park with dinner tonight. it was my favorite meal. i was.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i overslept and my my kids and and i feel. i feel so bad.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy that i just got.. it seems like to be and be happy with
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my best friend just moved to another state. i've been been her for years.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was going to a a with my friend. i i just not know anyone
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i had a meal at the the other night. it was a scary.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little upset with my friend.. she had to cancel me and
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend got a new hat adidas card. i had to to to.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i was to to my home and and my my came home from my home to thank me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when my dad got to to me to me. i had to to him
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i really get the new car my car. i. it is the worst thing.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i have my best friend and and he is me me and and he is me to me.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone threw away my lunch at work. it made me feel so angry. i am so angry.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have a big presentation at work on my.. i am so nervous about it.
28	4	content	terrified	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i feel so guilty for my husband. i. i is so so much
10	4	prepared	terrified	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt really when i did not get the promotion at my job. i was hard for
12	4	excited	terrified	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i go to a concert on sunday and i am so stoked! i can't wait!
28	4	content	terrified	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to thebee for dinner tonight. it was my favorite meal. i felt.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i overslept and my my and and all the time..
28	4	content	terrified	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy. i just got to see how things it seems to be happy
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my best friend just moved to another state. i've been been her for years.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am going to a party with my friend. i haven't been on a
28	4	content	terrified	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i had a meal at the night.. i felt satisfied with my meal.
7	4	sad	terrified	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was pretty a little upset when my girlfriend got me a gift from me to work
8	4	jealous	terrified	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend got a new hat adidas card. i had to to to have to
14	4	lonely	terrified	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i asked my friend to get another house for the weekend. it was just me for me
7	4	sad	terrified	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when my dad had to borrow my to to me. i was him to
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i really like the new new movie my my.. it is me.
9	22	grateful	caring	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i have my my wife and. she is and supports me and providing me a.
6	22	angry	caring	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone threw me off all my my.. i am so upset about it.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have a big presentation at my work.. i am so nervous about it.
28	22	content	caring	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i feel so alone all my my husband is my girlfriend.. i am so happy
10	22	prepared	caring	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt really when i did not get the final grade on my test. i studied hard
12	22	excited	caring	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i will be a a trip this week, but i am so nervous. i can't wait!
28	22	content	caring	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to eat dinner with myself. i was quite pleased with the meal.
16	22	guilty	caring	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i overslept and my my and and felt this way.
28	22	content	caring	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy that i just got.. it is so to to be so
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my best friend just moved to another state. i'm been her her her.
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am going to a party with my friend. i haven't seen in awhile
28	22	content	caring	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i had a meal at the night.. i felt satisfied with my meal.
7	22	sad	caring	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little upset with my friend. i had to to to to me
8	22	jealous	caring	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend got a new hat adidas card. i had to to to
14	22	lonely	caring	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i was to my my and for my son. he had to go back home
7	22	sad	caring	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when my dad got to to my to to me. i wanted him to
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i really like the new new movie my my.. it was me of my.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i have my my wife and. she is and supports me and and me me.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone threw me off all my my.. i am so upset about it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have a big presentation at work on my.. i am so ready for it.
28	17	content	surprised	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i feel so sad when my husband is my husband. i. i feel so
10	17	prepared	surprised	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt really well when i failed my science test. i had to get the
12	17	excited	surprised	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i will be getting a bonus this week. i am so happy for my i will get it!
28	17	content	surprised	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to gobee to dinner tonight. it was my favorite meal. it was terrible.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i overslept and my my and and felt this way. i felt so bad.
28	17	content	surprised	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy. i just got to see how things it seems to be happy
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my best friend just moved to another state. i'm been her her her her.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am going to a party for my friend. i just got it to be it
28	17	content	surprised	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i had a meal at the night.. i felt satisfied with my meal.
7	17	sad	surprised	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little upset with my friend. i had to to to it out
8	17	jealous	surprised	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend got a huge fight with me and i had to to to to.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i was to my my and my friend came to to me me the other day
7	17	sad	surprised	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when my dad got to to my to to me. i had to to him
6	25	angry	anticipating	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my daughter had me a a a a a few ago and i had to to the to to the to to the to the to the to the
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used to be a lot of people in my.. i i a lot. i i't have to a a a a a.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was going through some old the the other day and the of of my had been been my of. i had to and it all over the..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was watching a with where i was up and. it was a a.... but then someone cut me and and it it...
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i was not to to a a a a my my my my was my my me. i was to to it was a to to me. i was to to it was
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was a a bit of a when my coworker got me for my i was i i i was my work on me
6	25	angry	anticipating	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i had some food done for the food today, and it was me.. i don't know what it will be it.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so tired about how the the the of the year. it seems like hurricanes for me and my life is so much better
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i got a new at the other day. i was to to to the it on the. it was it was a to the the the the the the the it was
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i woke up this morning for my my... i feel so bad it because i have no one to talk to it it
6	4	angry	terrified	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my friend had to go out of town for a week. i took him to my and and i had to to a a a a.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used to have a lot of people in my. but i i'm not to to it my my.. i to my it's a to
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i've been in the the house for the past few weeks. it had to my my it's my house to go out it it
20	4	furious	terrified	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was watching professional today. i saw a guy and a some people. it me. it's not to and and to be.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i really wanted to go a a in my my my my my my. i was to to my it was my best friend i i was so to.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was a a down a a and, but my friend got me a car. i i my home to me me!
6	4	angry	terrified	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i had some food done today for the cashier, and it was me.. i't even get it it it's not a.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so tired about how the the the of the year. it seems like hurricanes for my life and i am so my life will be so much!
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i got a new at the other day that i haven't been in in in a long time. it was s been a week!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i woke up this morning for my my... i feel so bad it because i have no one to talk to it
6	22	angry	caring	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my daughter had me a a for a few of her. i had to to the and and i i to to it in the of.
23	22	trusting	caring	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used to be a lot of people in my. but i'm not to to. i i't have to a a in a long time
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was going through some old the the other day and the of of my i had on the. it was me of my it had been me in the.
20	22	furious	caring	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was watching with with today. i it was really to. they were there and then someone cut me and it and it made me feel..
9	22	grateful	caring	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i really wanted to go on a date with my friend. i was to to my i was i was to me. i was to to me.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was a a bad in front of my friends when i was a my and my boss told me to get the my work
6	22	angry	caring	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i had some food done today the the food place, and i was't have, but it it's not to..
12	22	excited	caring	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so tired about how the the the of the year. it seems like hurricanes for me so i am't my my will be my
12	22	excited	caring	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i got a new car the other day. it was the to the the the the the the the the the the the it. it was it was a a the the the the!
16	22	guilty	caring	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i woke up this morning for my my... i feel so bad it because i don't have to share it with me.
6	17	angry	surprised	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my friend had to go out of town for a week. i took him to my i and i had to to to to it up in a car
23	17	trusting	surprised	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used to have a lot of people in my. but i i'm not to to it my my. i to my my to.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i've been in the middle of the day for a few weeks. it had to my my my my it was it it all over the.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was watching the news and it was a a russian.. there was a giant cockroachs. i. i could see it..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i really wanted to get a a on my my my my my my.. i was to to it was a to to me. i was so upset
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was a a down a a and, but my friend got me a i and i me. i i was to to me!
6	17	angry	surprised	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i had some food done for a reason, and it was delayed for the.. i don't know what i should do.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so tired about how the the the of the year. it seems like hurricanes for my years and i am so much more than the future!
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i got a new car the other day that i haven't seen in in a long time. it was me to to i had to wait for the!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i woke up this morning for my my... i feel so bad it because i have no one to talk to it it
