28	17	content	surprised	lifes going good right now	some are going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
9	17	grateful	surprised	i became a dad today.	i just to a concert on sunday.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my favorite fish died : (	my dad told some thing
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have to get my next paycheck
10	17	prepared	surprised	i was ready for my exams	i was scared to walk home alone last week
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am terrified of clows	i am scared to walk home alone last week
21	17	disappointed	surprised	when my child lied to me	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	donald trump makes me sick.	my dad told some thing
29	17	impressed	surprised	the teeth of some patients!	some new thing to a family
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared to walk home alone last week
20	17	furious	surprised	they through thinner on my car	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
7	17	sad	surprised	i watched a depressing movie	i i to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife so much	i told some thing
2	17	proud	surprised	my husband got a promotion!	my dad told some thing
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i pray for better days.	i am scared to get my next paycheck
28	4	content	terrified	lifes going good right now	life are going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
9	4	grateful	terrified	i became a dad today.	i just to a concert on sunday. i am so to be awesome.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my favorite fish died : (	my dad told some thing
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have to get my next paycheck
10	4	prepared	terrified	i was ready for my exams	i was scared to walk home alone last week
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am terrified of clows	i am scared to walk home alone last week
21	4	disappointed	terrified	when my child lied to me	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	donald trump makes me sick.	my dad told some thing
29	4	impressed	terrified	the teeth of some patients!	some are going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared to walk home alone last week
20	4	furious	terrified	they through thinner on my car	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
7	4	sad	terrified	i watched a depressing movie	i i to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife so much	i told some thing
2	4	proud	terrified	my husband got a promotion!	my dad told some thing
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i pray for better days.	i am scared to get my next paycheck
28	22	content	caring	lifes going good right now	life are going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
9	22	grateful	caring	i became a dad today.	i just to a new home.
31	22	devastated	caring	my favorite fish died : (	my dad told some thing
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have to get my next paycheck
10	22	prepared	caring	i was ready for my exams	i was scared to walk home alone last week
1	22	afraid	caring	i am terrified of clows	i am scared to walk home alone last week
21	22	disappointed	caring	when my child lied to me	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
24	22	disgusted	caring	donald trump makes me sick.	my little some thing
29	22	impressed	caring	the teeth of some patients!	some are going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared to walk home alone last week
20	22	furious	caring	they through thinner on my car	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
7	22	sad	caring	i watched a depressing movie	i i to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife so much	i told some thing
2	22	proud	caring	my husband got a promotion!	my dad told some thing
27	22	hopeful	caring	i pray for better days.	i am scared to get my next paycheck
28	25	content	anticipating	lifes going good right now	life are going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i became a dad today.	i just to a concert on sunday.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my favorite fish died : (	my dad told some thing
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have to get my next paycheck
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i was ready for my exams	i was scared to walk home alone last week
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am terrified of clows	i am scared to walk home alone last week
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	when my child lied to me	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	donald trump makes me sick.	my dad told some thing
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the teeth of some patients!	some are going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared to walk home alone last week
20	25	furious	anticipating	they through thinner on my car	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
7	25	sad	anticipating	i watched a depressing movie	i made a brilliant for the new
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife so much	i told some thing
2	25	proud	anticipating	my husband got a promotion!	my dad told some thing
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i pray for better days.	i am going to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
10	17	prepared	surprised	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we are taking a year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
28	17	content	surprised	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i wanted a kid and planned. it was the love so i made the for the longest of of my life.
8	17	jealous	surprised	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	yesterday i saw a kid of my. i thought i would of the longest of of my life.
19	17	confident	surprised	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm pretty anxious about it.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	yesterday i saw walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so scared to show my. i can't stand those things!
19	17	confident	surprised	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a date to work this sunday. i am so anxious about it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	yesterday i was walking home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
12	17	excited	surprised	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was really awesome.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am going to a concert on sunday. i am afraid to be awesome
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am scared to walk home alone last week i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i once a walking home and show. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
10	17	prepared	surprised	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	every sunday i was to walk home alone last year. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my daughter told some thing but i had the other day. she has never been.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm pretty anxious about it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a kid and planned and planned for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
10	4	prepared	terrified	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we are taking a year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
28	4	content	terrified	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made a dinner of my..
8	4	jealous	terrified	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	yesterday i saw a kid of my. i thought i would of the longest of of my life.
19	4	confident	terrified	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	everytime i was to the world. my parents. i afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so scared to show my. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a date to work this sunday. i am so anxious about it.
9	4	grateful	terrified	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
12	4	excited	terrified	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a for a show. it. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am going to a concert on sunday. i am afraid to be awesome
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am scared to walk home alone last week i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
10	4	prepared	terrified	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	every sunday i was to walk home alone last year. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my daughter told some thing but i had a trip to the.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i once walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm pretty anxious about it.
10	4	prepared	terrified	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a kid and planned and planned for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	22	anxious	caring	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
10	22	prepared	caring	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
28	22	content	caring	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made a dinner of my..
8	22	jealous	caring	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	yesterday i saw a kid of my mom. i thought i would start chasing after me.
19	22	confident	caring	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street!
0	22	sentimental	caring	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	everytime i was to the world. my parents. i afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so scared to show my. i can't stand those things!
19	22	confident	caring	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a date to show my. i am so afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after..
9	22	grateful	caring	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	yesterday i was walking home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
12	22	excited	caring	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
27	22	hopeful	caring	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a kid and show. it. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am going to a concert on sunday. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am scared to walk home alone last week i wanted to be awesome
21	22	disappointed	caring	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i told a little for a show this year. i expect it to be awesome.
10	22	prepared	caring	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	every sunday i was to walk home alone last year. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my dad told some thing and work. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm pretty anxious about it.
10	22	prepared	caring	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a kid and planned and planned to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	yesterday i saw a kid of my. i thought i would of the longest of of my life.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm pretty anxious about it.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	everytime i was to the world. my parents. i afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so scared to show my. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a test to work tomorrow. i am so scared to be it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was really awesome.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am going to a concert on sunday. i am afraid to be awesome
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am scared to walk home alone last week i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	every sunday i was to walk home alone last year. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my daughter told some thing but i had a trip to the.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i once walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm pretty anxious about it!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a kid and planned and planned for my birthday. it was be awesome
28	17	content	surprised	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am going to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
28	17	content	surprised	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
12	17	excited	surprised	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	im my friends planned a trip to disney world.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am scared to get my next paycheck
7	17	sad	surprised	when i had to get rid of my animals	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my little doggie had a thing
12	17	excited	surprised	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	im going to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome
14	17	lonely	surprised	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my dad told some thing
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have no friends at my new job.	i have to get my home home alone last week.
5	17	joyful	surprised	it's been such a terrific week!	it's been to a terrific this weekend
12	17	excited	surprised	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am scared to get my next paycheck
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am pleased with my children's score	i am going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a test in a month from now	i got a promotion at work that i wanted.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i cant believe i got a promotion at work.
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i knew i would get the promotion at work.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when my friend said she would return my car	when my dad told some thing
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i it believe to get my next paycheck
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all the material for the exam.	i knew i would get the promotion at work.
16	17	guilty	surprised	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	some are told a thing i get the
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was't believe matt got 30 million a year.
28	17	content	surprised	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was elon musk.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
28	4	content	terrified	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am going to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
28	4	content	terrified	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
12	4	excited	terrified	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	im taking my 11 year 11 and disney world.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am scared to get my next paycheck
7	4	sad	terrified	when i had to get rid of my animals	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my little doggie had a thing
12	4	excited	terrified	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	im going to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome
14	4	lonely	terrified	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my dad told some thing
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have no friends at my new job.	i have to get my home home alone last week.
5	4	joyful	terrified	it's been such a terrific week!	it's been to a terrific this weekend
12	4	excited	terrified	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am scared to walk home alone last week
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am scared to walk home alone last week
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am pleased with my children's score	i'm scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a test in a month from now	i got a promotion at work that i wanted.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i cant believe i got a promotion at work.
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i knew i would get the promotion at work.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when my friend said she would return my car	when my dad told some thing
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i it believe to get my next paycheck
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all the material for the exam.	i i't believe matt got 30 30 a year.
16	4	guilty	terrified	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	some are and i to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was't stand matt ran into a new.
28	4	content	terrified	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was elon musk.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
28	22	content	caring	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am going to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
28	22	content	caring	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
12	22	excited	caring	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	im my friends and a concert on sunday.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am scared to get my next paycheck
7	22	sad	caring	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i was to my parents planned a trip to disney world.
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my little doggie had a thing
12	22	excited	caring	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
14	22	lonely	caring	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my dad told some thing
14	22	lonely	caring	i have no friends at my new job.	i have to get my home home alone last week.
5	22	joyful	caring	it's been such a terrific week!	it's been to a terrific this weekend
12	22	excited	caring	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
15	22	ashamed	caring	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am scared to get my next paycheck
29	22	impressed	caring	i am pleased with my children's score	i am going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a test in a month from now	i wanted a presentation for my birthday.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i cant believe i got a promotion at work.
19	22	confident	caring	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i knew i would get the home alone last week
23	22	trusting	caring	when my friend said she would return my car	when my dad told some thing
24	22	disgusted	caring	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i i to believe some thing
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all the material for the exam.	i knew i would get my next paycheck
16	22	guilty	caring	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	some are told a thing i work
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was't believe matt got 30 million a year.
28	22	content	caring	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm going to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was elon musk.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am going to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
28	25	content	anticipating	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
12	25	excited	anticipating	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	im taking my 11 year 11 to disney world.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am scared to get my next paycheck
7	25	sad	anticipating	when i had to get rid of my animals	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my little doggie had a thing
12	25	excited	anticipating	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my dad told some thing
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have no friends at my new job.	i have to get my home home alone last week.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it's been such a terrific week!	it's been to a terrific this weekend
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am scared to walk home alone this week.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am scared to get my next paycheck
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am pleased with my children's score	i am going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a test in a month from now	i got a promotion at work that i wanted.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i knew i would get the promotion at work.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when my friend said she would return my car	when my dad told some thing
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i it believe to get my next paycheck
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all the material for the exam.	i knew i would get the promotion at my.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was scared to walk home alone last week
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm going anxious about a promotion.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was elon musk.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was to be awesome after my.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	yesterday a kid a year, the street. i afraid of the future of my future
27	17	hopeful	surprised	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my dad told some thing and i't expecting. it was so nice and nice
1	17	afraid	surprised	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	my dad just some thing. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son threw up a a a year for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter told some thing i wanted for a birthday. she's so nice and nice.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just found out my mom planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
2	17	proud	surprised	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister just had a baby. she was't expecting her.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was walking home and work and i wasn't expecting. it was a awesome of my life.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my dad was me for a party for my birthday. she was so nice and nice.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i wanted my to paycheck and i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i am afraid of clowns.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i i't believe matt got 30 million a year.
7	17	sad	surprised	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my dad told some thing and she. i'm never been but lovescoasters.
20	17	furious	surprised	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my little toldieie a party for my birthday. she was so nice and nice and
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter told some thing a wanted a show of my.. i made her for the future.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
7	17	sad	surprised	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i wanted to get my home home and and. i made dinner for my birthday.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i cant wait to get my paycheck
5	17	joyful	surprised	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was to walk home alone last week.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	yesterday a kid a year, the street, i afraid of the future for my future.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my dad told some thing i wanted to leave a party! i am so t wait to
1	4	afraid	terrified	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	my dad just some thing. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i told my to to my mom a party for my birthday. she was so nice and..
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son threw up a a all of the.. i made her for the longestr.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter told me for a party for my birthday. she's so nice and nice.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just met my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
2	4	proud	terrified	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister just had a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was walking home and work and i wasn't expecting. it was a awesome of my life.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my dad was me a party for my birthday. she was so nice and nice.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i have to my my for a dinner. her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i am afraid of clowns.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i i to the gym and planned for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
7	4	sad	terrified	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my girlfriend threw up a year for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
20	4	furious	terrified	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter told some thing a party for my birthday. she was the love so nice and.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
7	4	sad	terrified	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i wanted to get my home home and and. i made dinner for my birthday.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
5	4	joyful	terrified	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was to to my home after a couple of.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	in a,, a tornado planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
27	22	hopeful	caring	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my dad told some thing i wanted to get my birthday. she's so nice and
1	22	afraid	caring	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	my dad just some thing. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i told my friend to get my mom a couple of. she. i made for the longestr.
5	22	joyful	caring	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son threw up a a sentences of the.. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
10	22	prepared	caring	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter told some thing i wanted for her birthday. she's so nice and nice.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just met my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
2	22	proud	caring	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister just had a baby. she was't expecting her.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was walking home and work and i wasn't expecting. it was a awesome of my life.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my dad was me a party for my birthday. she was so nice and nice.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i wanted my to my for some work. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i am afraid of clowns.
10	22	prepared	caring	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i i to the gym and planned for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
7	22	sad	caring	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my dad told some thing and she. i'm never been.
20	22	furious	caring	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter told some thing a wanted a show of my..
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
12	22	excited	caring	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am scared to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome
7	22	sad	caring	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i wanted to get my home home and a couple of. i made for a couple of.
23	22	trusting	caring	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i wanted to do my to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her.
5	22	joyful	caring	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was able to walk home alone last week. i was a of of of of my life.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	in a,, a tornado planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my dad told some thing and i't expecting. it was so nice and nice
1	25	afraid	anticipating	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	my dad just some thing. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i wanted my friend to get my mom a couple of days. it was the longest wait of my life.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son threw up a a sentences of her of her favorites. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter told me for a birthday. she was't expecting her.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just met my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister just had a trip and she. she's so nice and nice.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was walking home and work and i wasn't expecting. it was a awesome of my life.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my dad was me a party for my birthday. she was so nice and nice.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i have my to my for a birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i am afraid of clowns.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i i to the gym and planned for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my girlfriend dumped me for the other. she's so nice and nice.
20	25	furious	anticipating	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter told some thing a show a show of the future. it was the future wait of my life.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am scared to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome
7	25	sad	anticipating	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longestr of my life.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i wanted to get my home home and and. i made dinner for my birthday.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my dad told some thing and a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr of my life.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	my dad told some thing and a had a trip the other of of of of of of of of her favorites. i love the future of of of of her favorites.
14	17	lonely	surprised	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	when my friends was a party for my parents. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street for the longest of of my life.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my sister told me she was going to a party for my birthday. she's so nice and
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my daughter always hugs before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and..
5	17	joyful	surprised	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i met my kid and met a couple of year. she has never been but loves the world.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my daughter told me she was going to a concert on sunday. she has never been but loves some thing and.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks. i was the longest wait of my life.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr of my life.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	my dad told some thing and a had a trip the other of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites. i thought he would start chasing after me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	when my friends was a party for my parents. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks. the street. i was afraid of clowns.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks. the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my dad told some thing and work. i'm afraid of him. i he would be after me.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and..
5	4	joyful	terrified	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i met my girlfriend and met a year old to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my daughter told me she before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and..
5	22	joyful	caring	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	yesterday i saw a old walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr of my life.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	my dad told some thing and a had a trip the other of of of of of of of of her favorites. i thought he would start chasing after me.
14	22	lonely	caring	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	when my friends was a party for my parents. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street for the longest of of my life.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street for the longest of of my life.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my dad told some thing and work. i'm afraid of him. i he would be born after him.
2	22	proud	caring	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and..
5	22	joyful	caring	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i met my girlfriend and met a year old son. she. i am afraid of clowns. he would be able to enjoy them again.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my daughter told me she had a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves some thing ands.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i i't believe matt matt got a million a year. i love so i made her a of of of of of of of her.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	when my friends was a party for my parents. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street for the longest of of my life.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my sister told me she was going to a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i met my girlfriend and met a year. she. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my daughter told me she had a trip for the.. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was scared to walk home alone last week
20	17	furious	surprised	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was afraid when kid my dad got a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
20	17	furious	surprised	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just ran into a couple of. i am so for him!
19	17	confident	surprised	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	im taking a year 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my dad told some thing
19	17	confident	surprised	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i was to to walk home alone last week
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i got a gift from a party for my birthday.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i told some thing i get my paycheck
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so scared to work next week. i can't wait of my.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	when my friends was't leave work alone.
6	17	angry	surprised	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was scared to walk home alone last week
20	4	furious	terrified	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my little told some thing a had a other day
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was afraid when kid my planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
20	4	furious	terrified	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just ran into a party. i am so for him!
19	4	confident	terrified	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	im taking a year 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my friends threw a thing a party for my birthday.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my dad told some thing i wanted
19	4	confident	terrified	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i was to to walk home alone last week. i was a little of
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i got a gift from a party for my birthday.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i told some thing and get my to paycheck
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so scared to work next week. i am afraid of clowns.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
6	4	angry	terrified	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was scared to walk home alone last week
20	22	furious	caring	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my little told some thing i had a thing the other day
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i was afraid of clowns.
2	22	proud	caring	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was afraid when my dad got a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
20	22	furious	caring	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
5	22	joyful	caring	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just ran into a couple of. i am so for him!
19	22	confident	caring	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	im taking a year 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
27	22	hopeful	caring	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
9	22	grateful	caring	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my dad told some thing i wanted
19	22	confident	caring	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i was to to walk home alone last week. i was a little of
0	22	sentimental	caring	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i got a gift from a old and old. it.
16	22	guilty	caring	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i told my to to my parents this weekend, i expect it to be awesome
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so scared to work. i can't stand those things!
13	22	annoyed	caring	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
6	22	angry	caring	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was scared to walk home alone last week
20	25	furious	anticipating	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was to be awesome
20	25	furious	anticipating	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just ran into a couple of. i am so for him!
19	25	confident	anticipating	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my friends threw a thing a year for my birthday.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my dad told some thing
19	25	confident	anticipating	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i was to to walk home alone last week
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i got a gift from a party for my birthday.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i told some thing i get my to paycheck
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so scared to work next week. i am afraid of clowns.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
6	25	angry	anticipating	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
8	17	jealous	surprised	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	my little kid was a party for my birthday. she was the birthday.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was of of of of of my life.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am scared to walk home alone last week
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	my little heart down but she was the best birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my daughter told some thing a had a dinner of her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i thought i was going to my parents a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
6	17	angry	surprised	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it was me to get my home alone last year. i made it for the longestr
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i planned a trip to my mom some show and i made it for the birthday.
5	17	joyful	surprised	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
14	17	lonely	surprised	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	after i planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am going to do something to show my mom a couple of of of i love it for the future for the future
20	17	furious	surprised	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i told a presentation at work that i wasn't expecting. it was awesome awesome!
20	17	furious	surprised	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was awesome awesome.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made a dinner for her birthday.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i got my girlfriend planned for my birthday. i'm so nice and now.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was to get my parentscheck
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my dad ran some thing and a party for my birthday. she has never been but lovescoasters.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my daughter doggieie a had a day for the birthday.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my daughter told some thing i had a work on the birthday. she was't expecting!
7	17	sad	surprised	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was to to be born after a year.
28	17	content	surprised	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my little doggie had a had the other day. it was the longest wait of my life.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i was expecting a show for a show, i made it for the future.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i wanted to get my home home alone last week.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
8	4	jealous	terrified	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was of of of of of my life.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am scared to walk home alone last week. i was of my for my for the longestr
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	seeing my friendsieie again. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son told some thing a had a year of her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i thought i was going to my parents a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
6	4	angry	terrified	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it was me to get my home alone last week. i made it to be awesome
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
5	4	joyful	terrified	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
14	4	lonely	terrified	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	yesterday i met a alone for a couple, i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
19	4	confident	terrified	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
20	4	furious	terrified	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i told a presentation at work that i made it for the birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
20	4	furious	terrified	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was to walk home alone last week.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was awesome awesome.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made a dinner for my birthday.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i planned a trip to my birthday. she's been
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was to to my home
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my daughter ran down a had a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my little doggie had a had the other day.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my daughter told some thing i had a work on the!!
7	4	sad	terrified	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was to to a dog
28	4	content	terrified	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my little doggie had a had the other day. it was the longest wait of my life.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	yesterday a little walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i was expecting a show for a show, i made it for the future.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i wanted to get my home home alone last week.
3	22	faithful	caring	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
10	22	prepared	caring	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
8	22	jealous	caring	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	my little kid was a party for my birthday. she was the birthday.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was of of of of of my life.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am scared to walk home alone last week. i was of my for my for a couple of
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	my little heart down but she was the best birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son told some thing a thing a thing of her of the favorites. i am afraid of clowns.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i thought my dad was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome.
6	22	angry	caring	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it makes me to see a show of my friends i love so i made it to be awesome
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i planned a trip to my mom some show and i made for the birthday.
5	22	joyful	caring	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
14	22	lonely	caring	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	yesterday i met a kid and alone, i i afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
19	22	confident	caring	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am going to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner for the world.
20	22	furious	caring	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i told a presentation at work that i made it for the birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
20	22	furious	caring	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
13	22	annoyed	caring	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was to walk home alone last week.
9	22	grateful	caring	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was awesome awesome.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner for the
10	22	prepared	caring	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i got my girlfriend for my birthday. she's been
8	22	jealous	caring	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was to be awesome
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my dad told some thing i had a dinner. it. it was the longestr of my life.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my little doggie had a had the other day.
2	22	proud	caring	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my daughter told some thing i had a work on the!!
7	22	sad	caring	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was to to a dog
28	22	content	caring	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my little doggie had a had the other day. it was the longest wait of my life.
15	22	ashamed	caring	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	yesterday a little walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i was expecting a show on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
0	22	sentimental	caring	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i wanted to get my home home alone last week.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
8	25	jealous	anticipating	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	my friends was a party for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i made a of of of of of of of of of of my life.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am scared to walk home alone last week
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	seeing my friends 11 year old to leave for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son told some thing a thing a thing of her of her favorites.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i thought i was going to my parents a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
6	25	angry	anticipating	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it was me to get my home sunday, i thought it would be awesome
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	after i met a alone for sunday, i expect it to be awesome
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am going to do something to show my mom a couple of year. i love for the future for the future
20	25	furious	anticipating	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i planned a trip to my for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was awesome awesome.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made a dinner for my birthday.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i got my girlfriend planned for my birthday. she's so nice and
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was to be awesome
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my daughter threw her a year. she made for a dinner. she. she's so nice and
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my daughter doggieie a had the other day.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my daughter told some thing i had a work on the!!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was to to be born after a year.
28	25	content	anticipating	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my little doggie had a had the other day. it was the longest wait of my life.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i was expecting to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made a dinner of my.
28	17	content	surprised	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i can't believe matt matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	yesterday i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
3	17	faithful	surprised	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my dad told me she was going to have a baby for my birthday. she has never been but loves some thing ands.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i wanted to get my mom some old and and i i made her a dinner of her of her favorites. i love so i made her the be able to enjoy them again.
1	17	afraid	surprised	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	yesterday i was walking home alone last year. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made me for a couple of.
28	4	content	terrified	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i can't believe matt matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	yesterday i saw a kid walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
3	4	faithful	terrified	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my dad told me she was going to have a baby for my birthday. she has never been but loves some thing ands.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i can't stand matt matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i wanted to get my mom some old and and i i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so i made the for the longestr
1	4	afraid	terrified	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	yesterday i was walking home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made me for a couple of.
28	22	content	caring	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i can't believe matt matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	yesterday i saw a kid of my mom a old of of of of i thought he would start chasing after me. i thought he would start chasing after me.
3	22	faithful	caring	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my dad told me she was going to have a baby for my birthday. she has never been but loves some thing ands.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i can't stand matt matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i wanted to do my to my mom some old and i i made her a dinner of her of her of her favorites. i made her for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
1	22	afraid	caring	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	yesterday i was walking home alone last year. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made me for a couple of.
28	25	content	anticipating	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i can't believe matt matt got 30 million a year. i'm so of of things!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	yesterday i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my dad told me she was going to have a baby for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i can't believe matt matt got 30 million a year. i'm so of of things.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i wanted to get my mom some old and and i i made her a dinner of her of her favorites. i love so i made the for the longestr so she would be able to enjoy them again.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	yesterday i was walking home alone last year. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made me for a couple of.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my daughter is dogg for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
6	17	angry	surprised	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i was so scared to show my. i thought i would start a year. i made for the street.
28	17	content	surprised	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her of her favorites.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i saw a walking down my old year old to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
10	17	prepared	surprised	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made a dinner of her of her favorites. i love so for the world.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she was so nice and nice.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so scared of clowns. i can't stand those things!
20	17	furious	surprised	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her of her favorites.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my daughter threw me for a couple of days. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start after me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	yesterday i saw walking home walking home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
6	4	angry	terrified	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
28	4	content	terrified	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have to do my mom some show i i't for her. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i saw a walking down my old year old to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
10	4	prepared	terrified	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so i made her a nicer
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am scared of clowns. i can't stand those things!
20	4	furious	terrified	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her of her favorites.
26	22	anxious	caring	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my daughter is hugs before a trip for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
6	22	angry	caring	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
28	22	content	caring	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i wanted to do my mom some show i i love her a dinner of her of her of her favorites. i love so for the world.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i saw my kid and ran into a stray dog. it of my for her of of of of
10	22	prepared	caring	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made a dinner of her of her of her favorites. i love so for the world.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter told me she was going to a concert on sunday. she has never been but loves to be awesome.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am scared of clowns. i can't stand those things! i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
20	22	furious	caring	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her of her favorites.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my daughter is hugs before a trip for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have to do my mom some show i love so i made her a dinner of her of her of her favorites.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i saw walking down my old and ran into a couple of of of of of of of of of of
10	25	prepared	anticipating	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of i made her a dinner of her. i made love for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am scared to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her favorites. i love so for the world.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my dad told some thing and work and i leave for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
20	17	furious	surprised	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's going to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
7	17	sad	surprised	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. it was the nicer and of my life.
2	17	proud	surprised	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
19	17	confident	surprised	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. it was a nice of of of
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i can't stand it!
19	17	confident	surprised	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was going to a concert on sunday. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome.
28	17	content	surprised	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	yesterday i was walking home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my dad told some thing and work and i leave for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
20	4	furious	terrified	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's going to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
7	4	sad	terrified	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. it was the longest wait of my life.
2	4	proud	terrified	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
19	4	confident	terrified	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the new addition was our family was just born this weekend. it was a nice of of of
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i can't stand those things!
19	4	confident	terrified	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome.
28	4	content	terrified	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i was't believe matt got 30 million a year. i am afraid of clowns.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my dad told some thing and work and i leave for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
20	22	furious	caring	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's going to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
7	22	sad	caring	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so scared of him.
27	22	hopeful	caring	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. it was the nicer and of my life.
2	22	proud	caring	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
19	22	confident	caring	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. it was a nice of of of
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i can't stand it!
19	22	confident	caring	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was expecting to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome.
28	22	content	caring	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i was't believe matt got 30 million a year. i am afraid of clowns.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my dad told some thing and work and i leave for her birthday.
20	25	furious	anticipating	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's going to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
7	25	sad	anticipating	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. it was the longest wait of my life.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
19	25	confident	anticipating	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. it was a nice of of of
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i can't stand those things!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was going to my home on sunday. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am going to a concert on sunday. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
28	25	content	anticipating	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i was't believe matt got 30 million a year. i am afraid of clowns.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
12	17	excited	surprised	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i am scared to walk home alone last week
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was a awesome
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i cant believe my daughter got 30 million a year.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was a couple of.
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am scared to walk home alone last week
23	17	trusting	surprised	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt so to my ran into a new.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was me for a couple days.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i wanted to get my home show a year.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i told to to my home alone last week.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my dad told some thing i had a party for the birthday.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm pretty anxious about it.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son justie for a couple of.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my dad told some thing and i have a million dinner.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
12	4	excited	terrified	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was a awesome
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
14	4	lonely	terrified	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple days.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am scared to walk home alone last week
23	4	trusting	terrified	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was a couple of.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple days.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i wanted to get my home show after a year.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i told some thing to a party for my birthday.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister told some thing i had a party for my birthday.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm pretty anxious about it.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son justie for a couple of.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my little sister had a party for my birthday.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
12	22	excited	caring	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i am scared to walk home alone last week
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was a awesome
0	22	sentimental	caring	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i cant believe my daughtercheck
14	22	lonely	caring	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple days.
12	22	excited	caring	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work.
29	22	impressed	caring	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am scared to walk home alone last week
23	22	trusting	caring	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was a couple of.
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i was to walk home alone last week. i was a little of
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i wanted to do something to show my mom a couple of
15	22	ashamed	caring	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i told some thing to a party for my birthday.
29	22	impressed	caring	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister told some thing i had a party for the birthday.
16	22	guilty	caring	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm so anxious about it.
2	22	proud	caring	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son said his for a birthday. she was s birthday.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
5	22	joyful	caring	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my little sister had a party for my birthday.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i am scared to walk home alone last week
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was a awesome
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was a couple of.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am scared to walk home alone last week
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was a couple of.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i was to walk home alone last week
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i wanted to get my home show after a year.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i told to to my home alone last week.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister told some thing i had a party for the birthday.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm pretty anxious about it.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son said his for a birthday. she was s birthday.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am afraid of clowns. i got the future for the future.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my dad told some thing and a party for my birthday.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	my dad told some thing and met a couple of of of my favorites. i love so of of of of of of of her favorites. i thought he would start chasing after me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	yesterday i was walking home alone last week. i thought i would of the street. i thought i would start chasing after me. i thought he would start chasing after me.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i wanted a little kid and show. i love so i made her a of of of of of of of of of of of her of her.. she made the for the longestr of my life.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the longest of of my life. the longest of of of of of of of of of of of her.
12	17	excited	surprised	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	when my friends was a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my dad told me she was going to have a baby for my birthday. she has never been but loves some thing ands. i thought he would be able to enjoy them again.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my sister just she wasn't expecting. she was so nice and nice and..
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things! i'm a those things!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	my dad told some thing and had a 5 of of of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites. i love he would start her after me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	yesterday i was walking home alone last week. i thought i would of the street. i thought i would start chasing after me. i thought of the future of my life.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i wanted a little kid and show. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr of my life.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the longest of of my life. the longest of of of of of of of of of of of her.
12	4	excited	terrified	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	when my friends was a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my dad told some thing i wanted to have a baby. her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby. her birthday. she's so nice and nice and..
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	yesterday i met my parents a a year old son. it. i love so i made her a the of of of her of her favorites. i love so much the world.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	yesterday i saw walking walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i thought he would start chasing after me.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i wanted a little kid and show. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for a couple of of.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the longest of of my life. she. the longest of of of of of of of of of of her life.
12	22	excited	caring	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	when my friends was to party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my dad told me she was going to have a baby for my birthday. she has never been but loves some thing ands. i thought he would be able to enjoy them again.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby. her birthday. she's so nice and nice and..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so scared of spiders. i can't believe those things! i'm a more of of of of of of of of of her.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i met my girlfriend and met for a year. she has never been but loves the world.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	yesterday i was walking home alone last week. i thought i would of the street. i thought i would start chasing after me. i thought he would start chasing after me.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i wanted a little kid and show. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made for the longestr of my life.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the longest of of my life. the world. it was the longest wait of my life.
12	25	excited	anticipating	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	when my friends was a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my dad told me she was going to have a baby for my birthday. she has never been but loves some thing.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my sister just she was going to have a baby. her birthday. she's so nice and nice and..
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
28	17	content	surprised	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i i saw when kid my mom was a baby for my birthday. she. she was the longestr of my life.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a thing i matt i i to a show my parents. i love so i made the for the longestr
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was afraid when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
1	17	afraid	surprised	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	yesterday we was walking home 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has been so nice and.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
28	4	content	terrified	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i i saw when my kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a thing i matt i i to a show my parents. i love so i made the for the longestr
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a kid of my for my life.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	when my kid and kid a couple of a year. i love the of of of of my favorites.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
1	4	afraid	terrified	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	yesterday we was walking home alone last year and i got a of of of of of of of of of of of of of her.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was afraid to kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
28	22	content	caring	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
21	22	disappointed	caring	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i i saw when my kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her.
24	22	disgusted	caring	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there are a kid of clowns. i afraid of the future. of my future. the world. it would be able to be them again.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was afraid when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	when my kid and kid a couple of a year of my parents. i love it for the longestr of my life.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
1	22	afraid	caring	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	in the world of my 11 year old to start my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has been so nice and.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was kid kid planned planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i remember when my kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a thing i matt i i to a show on my... i'afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a kid of my for my life.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	yesterday we was walking home 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has been so nice and.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was a awesome of of of of of of of her.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i was so scared to show my. i i't expecting. it was the longest of of my life!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so i made her a the of of her of her own.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. her birthday. she has been and the longestr of my life.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	my dad told some thing and i't expecting. it's been nice but i love them.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when my friends and our parents was just born this weekend. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i saw walking home and ran into a dog. it was the longest of of my life.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life.
12	17	excited	surprised	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i was to my home and planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was a awesome of of of of of of of of her.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i was so scared to show my. i thought i would start a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so i made her a the of of of her of her favorites.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. her birthday. she has been and the longestr of my life.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	just just met my girlfriend and planned for a trip. it's so nice and nice and.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when my friends and our parents was just born this weekend. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks. the street. i am afraid of clowns.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life.
12	4	excited	terrified	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i was to my home home alone last year. i made her a 5 of of of of of of of of of her favorites. i made for the longestr of my life.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was a awesome of of of of of of of her.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i can't stand those things!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so i made her a the of of her of her own.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i once walking home and ran into a stray dog. her birthday. she has never been and loves rollercoasters.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	my dad told some thing and i't expecting. it's been nice but i love them.
23	22	trusting	caring	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when my friends and our parents was just born this weekend. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i saw walking home and ran into a dog. it was the longest of of my life.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the longest of of my life.
12	22	excited	caring	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i was to my home and planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was a awesome of of of of of of of her..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i was so scared to show my. i i't expecting. it was the longest of of of of my life.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so i made her a the of of her of her own.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i once walking home and ran into a stray dog. her birthday. she has been and loves the world.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	just met my girlfriend and planned this weekend. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when my friends was the parents and to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks. the street. i am afraid of clowns.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i was to my home and planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
12	17	excited	surprised	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was scared to walk home alone last week
27	17	hopeful	surprised	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my daughter doggie had a other the other day
23	17	trusting	surprised	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i told my to to a concert after work.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my little doggie had a had the other day
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so to to this sunday. i am expecting to be awesome.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i'm t believe matt got 30 million a year.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
14	17	lonely	surprised	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my little doggie had a had the other day
3	17	faithful	surprised	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my little doggie had a day the other day
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am scared to walk home alone last week
1	17	afraid	surprised	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
7	17	sad	surprised	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	when i was to my parents planned a trip to disney world.
12	4	excited	terrified	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was scared to walk home alone last week
27	4	hopeful	terrified	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my daughter peeie before a other day
23	4	trusting	terrified	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i told some thing and a concert on sunday.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my little doggie had a thing the other day
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am scared to walk home alone last week.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i'm t believe matt got 30 million a year.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so scared to get my next paycheck
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was scared to walk home alone last week
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
14	4	lonely	terrified	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my little doggie had a day the other day
3	4	faithful	terrified	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my little doggie had a day the other day
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
1	4	afraid	terrified	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
7	4	sad	terrified	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
12	22	excited	caring	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was scared to walk home alone last week
27	22	hopeful	caring	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my little doggie had a had the other day
23	22	trusting	caring	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i told some thing to a concert on sunday.
9	22	grateful	caring	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my little doggie had a thing the other day
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am scared to walk home alone last week.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i'' t stand matt matt got 30 million a year.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
14	22	lonely	caring	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world.
26	22	anxious	caring	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my little doggie had a day
3	22	faithful	caring	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my little doggie had a day the other day
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am scared to walk home alone last week
1	22	afraid	caring	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
7	22	sad	caring	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was scared to walk home alone last week
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my daughter doggie had a other the other day
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i told my to to a concert after sunday.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my little doggie had a thing the other day
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am scared to walk home alone this week.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i'm going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was't believe matt got 30 million a year.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am scared to walk home alone last week
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't wait to my next year.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my little doggie had a day
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i can't wait to my next paycheck
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my little doggie had a day the other day
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am scared to walk home alone last week
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
7	25	sad	anticipating	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves some thing!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
2	17	proud	surprised	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my daughter told her she was going to the world of her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my daughter was me for a party and other day. she was so nice and nice and.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves some thing!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
2	4	proud	terrified	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my daughter told her she was going to the world of her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my daughter was me for a party for my birthday. she was so nice and nice and.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
8	22	jealous	caring	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves some thing!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks. it was the longest wait of my life.
2	22	proud	caring	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my sister told me she was going to a concert of my. she. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my daughter told me she was going to a concert on sunday, i think she would be awesome
16	22	guilty	caring	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves some thing!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks. it was the longest wait of my life.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my daughter told her she was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my daughter was me for a trip and she. i was the best wait of my favorites. i would be able to enjoy them again.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my dad told some thing
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so scared to show my. i can't stand those things!
6	17	angry	surprised	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i told a little that i to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
8	17	jealous	surprised	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i thought i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the street.
29	17	impressed	surprised	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	some little i to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so to to disney world. it was the awesome
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
31	17	devastated	surprised	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my dad told some thing
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
2	17	proud	surprised	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i got a promotion at work that i got some year.
12	17	excited	surprised	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my dad told some thing
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it's so bad but i thought i would
29	4	impressed	terrified	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my dad told some thing
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i can't wait to get my next paycheck
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so scared to show my. i can't stand those things!
6	4	angry	terrified	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i told a little that i had the other day
8	4	jealous	terrified	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i thought i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the street.
29	4	impressed	terrified	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	some days i to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so to to disney world. it was a awesome
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
31	4	devastated	terrified	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my dad told some thing
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
2	4	proud	terrified	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i got a promotion at work that i got some year.
12	4	excited	terrified	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my dad told some thing
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it's so bad but i thought i would
29	22	impressed	caring	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my dad told some thing
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
6	22	angry	caring	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i told a little that i to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
8	22	jealous	caring	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i thought i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the street.
29	22	impressed	caring	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	some days and a little to a concert on sunday.
5	22	joyful	caring	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so to to disney world. it was the awesome
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
31	22	devastated	caring	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my dad told some thing
0	22	sentimental	caring	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
2	22	proud	caring	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i got a promotion at work that i got some year.
12	22	excited	caring	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my dad told some thing
21	22	disappointed	caring	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it's so bad but i thought i would
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my dad told some thing
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so scared to get my next year.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i told a little that i to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i thought i was going to the concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	some guy i to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so to to disney world. it was the awesome
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my dad told some thing
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i got a promotion at work that i got some year.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my dad told some thing
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it's so much but i it stand it
28	17	content	surprised	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
2	17	proud	surprised	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was scared to walk home alone last week
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street for my birthday.
14	17	lonely	surprised	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	yesterday i a a to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was scared to walk home alone last week
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i once a little kid ran into a stray dog. it was the longestr
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	yesterday i saw a kid walking home the other. i was afraid to walk home alone last week.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's so much to a concert on sunday.
28	4	content	terrified	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i wanted a trip to show my. i made it for the longestr
2	4	proud	terrified	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was scared to walk home alone last week
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i didn't believe matt got 30 million a year.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street for my birthday.
14	4	lonely	terrified	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	im a writer to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was scared to walk home alone last week
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i once a little walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	yesterday i saw a kid walking home the other. i was afraid of clowns.
10	4	prepared	terrified	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome.
28	22	content	caring	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i wanted a trip to show my. i made it for the longestr
2	22	proud	caring	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was scared to walk home alone last week
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street for my birthday.
14	22	lonely	caring	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	im a little to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was scared to walk home alone last week
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i saw a little walking into a stray dog. it was the other day
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
31	22	devastated	caring	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	yesterday i saw a kid walking home the other. i was afraid to walk home alone last week.
10	22	prepared	caring	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's so much to a concert on sunday.
28	25	content	anticipating	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
2	25	proud	anticipating	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was scared to walk home alone last week
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i saw a little walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street for my birthday.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	im a writer to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was scared to walk home alone last week
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was scared to walk home alone last week
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i once a little down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i i saw a kid walking home the other. i was so scared to start my.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
2	17	proud	surprised	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i i was my kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
28	17	content	surprised	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	my girlfriend and friends and our family was just born this weekend. it was the nice wait of my life.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i made made for the freezer so i would be able to enjoy them again.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
2	4	proud	terrified	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i i was my kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
28	4	content	terrified	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	my girlfriend and our family was just born this weekend. she was a nice of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i made made for the freezer so i would be able to enjoy them again.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
2	22	proud	caring	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i i was my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
28	22	content	caring	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	my parents and our family was just born this weekend. it was the nice wait of my life.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i made made for the freezer so i would be able to enjoy them again.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i was my kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
28	25	content	anticipating	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	my parents and our family was just born this weekend. it was the nice wait of my life.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i made made for the freezer so i would be able to enjoy them again.
20	17	furious	surprised	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some show so i made her a dinner of the.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my little told down a had a party for the birthday. she was so nice and nice.
12	17	excited	surprised	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i wanted to get my home home and and. i made dinner for the future.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my daughter told me she was a had a trip for the.. she was the longest wait of my life.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was really awesome.
29	17	impressed	surprised	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	my friends planned a party for my birthday. she was the world of the world.
2	17	proud	surprised	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my dad told some thing and i had a trip to the..
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was really awesome.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my dad threw some thing and a party for my birthday. she was so nice and nice.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	when my kid was a party for my parents. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	my dad told some thing and work. i am afraid of the future
26	17	anxious	surprised	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i told my dad to my birthday. she's so nice and nice.
2	17	proud	surprised	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
28	17	content	surprised	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am scared to of my son. i love going to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	my dad told some thing i'm going on a trip. i'm so scared of him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog ran down me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i wanted to get my mom home party and i made it for a couple days.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. i was expecting for a trip.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my daughter told me she was going to have a baby for the birthday. she was so nice and nice.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i i to do something to show my mom some old of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites.
20	4	furious	terrified	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some show so i made her a dinner of the.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my little told some thing a party for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
12	4	excited	terrified	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i wanted to get my home home alone a year. i made for a couple of
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i told my to my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my daughter told me she was a had a trip for the.. she was the longest wait of my life.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was really awesome.
29	4	impressed	terrified	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	my friends planned a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
2	4	proud	terrified	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my dad told some thing and i had a trip to the..
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was really awesome.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my sister threw up me a had a the for the other day.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	when my kid was a party for my parents. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	my friends all for dinner alone last week. i was the best wait of my life.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i told my dad to my birthday. she's so nice and nice and.
2	4	proud	terrified	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
28	4	content	terrified	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am scared to of my. i love just for the world. it was the longest wait of my life.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. i was so nice and alone.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog ran down me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the longest of of my life.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i wanted to get my mom home party and i made her a couple of.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am scared to walk home alone last week i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. i was expecting for a trip.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my daughter told me she was going to the party for my birthday. she was so nice and nice.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i i to do something to show my mom some old of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her.
20	22	furious	caring	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some show so i made her a dinner of the.
29	22	impressed	caring	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my little told some thing a party for my birthday. she was so nice and nice.
12	22	excited	caring	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i wanted to get my home home and and. i made her a 5 year old son.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i told my to my parents to a party for my birthday. she was so nice and..
24	22	disgusted	caring	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my daughter told me she was a had the other of of of of her favorites. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a party and i made it for a coupler.
29	22	impressed	caring	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	my friends and friends had a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
2	22	proud	caring	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my dad told some thing and i had a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was really awesome.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
9	22	grateful	caring	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my dad told some thing and work. i was the other day of my life.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	when my kid was a party for my parents. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	22	anxious	caring	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	my little friendsie for the birthday. she was the best wait of my life.
26	22	anxious	caring	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i told my dad to my birthday. she's so nice and nice.
2	22	proud	caring	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
28	22	content	caring	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am afraid of clowns. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me
30	22	apprehensive	caring	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. i was so nice and alone.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog ran down me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the longest of of my life.
10	22	prepared	caring	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i wanted to get my mom home party and i made her a couple of.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am scared to walk home alone last week i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was a awesome for my life.
29	22	impressed	caring	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my daughter told me she was going to a party for my birthday. she was so nice and nice.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i i to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her of her..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some show so i made her a dinner of the.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my little told some thing a party for my birthday. she was so nice and nice.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i wanted to get my home home and. i made dinner for the birthday.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i told my to my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my daughter told me she was a had a trip the other. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting. it was really awesome.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	my friends planned a party for my birthday. she was the world to be awesome
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my dad told some thing and i had a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a test to work tomorrow. i am so scared of it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my dad threw some thing and a party for my birthday. she was so nice and nice.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	when my kid was a party for my parents. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	my friends all for dinner party. i was the best wait of my life.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i knew my dad was going to a party for my birthday. she was so nice and nice.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am going to my home sunday, i expect it to be awesome
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	my friends told some thing but i'm so alone... i'm so scared of him.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog ran down me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the longest of of my life.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i wanted to get my mom home party and i made it for a couple days.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am scared to of clowns. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i was walking home and ran into a new. i i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my daughter told me she was going to the party for my birthday. she was so nice and nice.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i i to do something to show my mom some old of of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
31	17	devastated	surprised	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	yesterday was was walking home alone last week and a couple of blocks. i love so i made the of of of of of of of of of of of of her.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street. i love so after her... she. i made for the longestr so she would be able to enjoy them again.
7	17	sad	surprised	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so i made her a of of of of her of her favorites.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of her when she got a kid of her of her of her own..
7	17	sad	surprised	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my daughter just hugs before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and.. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
31	4	devastated	terrified	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	yesterday was was walking home alone last week and a couple of blocks. i thought he would start chasing after me. i made me for a couple of.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of her when she got a kid of her of her own..
7	4	sad	terrified	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so i made her a nice of of of her of her favorites.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of her when she got a kid of her of her of her own..
7	4	sad	terrified	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and.. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
13	22	annoyed	caring	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
31	22	devastated	caring	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	yesterday was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street. i love so of of of of of of of her.. she made the for the longest of of her life.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of her when she got a kid of her of her own..
7	22	sad	caring	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her of her of her favorites. i made her for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of her when she was the world. the world.
7	22	sad	caring	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and.. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a kid and planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of her. the world. the world.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her of her of her favorites. i made her for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of her. the world. the world. the world.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and.. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i felt all alone yesterday	i was scared to walk home alone last week
16	17	guilty	surprised	i fell bad about myself	i would never to get my next paycheck
14	4	lonely	terrified	i felt all alone yesterday	i was scared to walk home alone last week
16	4	guilty	terrified	i fell bad about myself	i was scared to walk home alone last week
14	22	lonely	caring	i felt all alone yesterday	i was scared to walk home alone last week
16	22	guilty	caring	i fell bad about myself	i would to get a new home alone last week
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i felt all alone yesterday	i was scared to walk home alone last week
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i fell bad about myself	i would to get a concert on sunday.
23	17	trusting	surprised	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
7	17	sad	surprised	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my dad told some thing and work and i have a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. it was so nice and nice and of of of of of of of of things
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was kid and was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when my friends was a party for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i wanted a new on my parents. i love her for the longest of of my life.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. it was just awesome to be awesome.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i am afraid of clowns.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just got a kid of my. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just saw that my mom planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
23	4	trusting	terrified	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
7	4	sad	terrified	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my dad told some thing and work for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. it was the longest wait of my life.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	yesterday was home alone last a couple of a year. i thought she would be born after me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i wanted a trip to my for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. it was just awesome and relaxing.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so when when i got a kid of my.. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just got a promotion at my mom. i made her for the longest of of of of of her.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just saw that my mom planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
23	22	trusting	caring	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
7	22	sad	caring	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my dad told some thing and work and i have a the of of of of her favorites. i thought he would start born after me.
21	22	disappointed	caring	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. it was the longest wait of my life.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
9	22	grateful	caring	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was kid and kid planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
15	22	ashamed	caring	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	yesterday my was was a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i wanted a new on my mom some friends. i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i love so for the longestr.
26	22	anxious	caring	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. it was just awesome and nice and..
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just met a kid of my. i made her a dinner of all of my friends.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just saw my kid and met her a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my sister told me she was going to have a baby for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my dad told some thing and work for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. it was the longest wait of my life.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was kid and was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	yesterday was home alone last a couple of a year. i thought she would be born after me.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i wanted a trip to my for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend. it was the nicer and awesome.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so scared to show my. i. i would be able of those things.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just got a promotion at my mom. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just saw that my mom planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i wish i had my mother back!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	came home to find my leftovers gone	when a friends to a party for my birthday.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am going to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i used to play football in high school	i wanted to get my home show after work.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was lebron james.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
6	17	angry	surprised	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i told some thing i had a party for my birthday.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son just started walking this week.	my dad told some thing
0	17	sentimental	surprised	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	my dad told some thing
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like person who are honestly with me	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat vomited on my rug today	my dad threw some thing
12	17	excited	surprised	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	looking through my old yearbook the other day	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust president trump all the way.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i wish i had my mother back!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	came home to find my leftovers gone	when a friends planned a party for my birthday.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to see taylor swift.	i'm going on a date this weekend.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i used to play football in high school	i wanted to get my home show after work.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was lebron james.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
6	4	angry	terrified	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i told some thing i had a party for my birthday.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son just started walking this week.	my dad told some thing
0	4	sentimental	terrified	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	my dad told some thing
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like person who are honestly with me	i would do something to get mycheck
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat vomited on my rug today	my cat threw up a thing
12	4	excited	terrified	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	looking through my old yearbook the other day	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust president trump all the way.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting.
14	22	lonely	caring	i wish i had my mother back!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
21	22	disappointed	caring	came home to find my leftovers gone	when a friends to a party for my birthday.
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i used to play football in high school	i wanted to get my home show after work.
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was lebron james.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
6	22	angry	caring	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i told some thing i had a party for my birthday.
2	22	proud	caring	my son just started walking this week.	my dad told some thing
0	22	sentimental	caring	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
31	22	devastated	caring	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	my dad told some thing
23	22	trusting	caring	i like person who are honestly with me	i do something to get my newcheck
6	22	angry	caring	my cat vomited on my rug today	my dad threw some thing
12	22	excited	caring	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am scared to walk home alone last week
18	22	nostalgic	caring	looking through my old yearbook the other day	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust president trump all the way.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
15	22	ashamed	caring	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i wish i had my mother back!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	came home to find my leftovers gone	when a friends to a party for my birthday.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i used to play football in high school	i wanted to get my home show after work.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was lebron james.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i told some thing i got a promotion at work.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son just started walking this week.	my dad told some thing
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like person who are honestly with me	i would do something to get mycheck
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat vomited on my rug today	my dad threw some thing
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	looking through my old yearbook the other day	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am scared to get the work this week.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust president trump all the way.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my dad told some thing i wanted to have a baby! i love so i't expecting!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my daughter told her a before she was for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
28	17	content	surprised	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i was expecting to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my dad told me she was going to a party for my birthday. i was so nice and.
8	17	jealous	surprised	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my dad told some thing i wanted to have a baby! i love so i't stand him!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my daughter told her a thing for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
28	4	content	terrified	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it made me for a couple blocks.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my dad told me she was going to a party for my birthday. i was so nice and.
8	4	jealous	terrified	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of my friends.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my dad told some thing i wanted to have a baby! i love so i'' t expecting!
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my sister told her she was a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
24	22	disgusted	caring	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
16	22	guilty	caring	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
28	22	content	caring	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it made me for a couple blocks.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my dad told me she was going to a party for my birthday. i was so nice and.
8	22	jealous	caring	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my dad told some thing and i can't stand him!!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my daughter told me she was a baby for the birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	the new addition to our family was just born this weekend.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am scared to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my dad was me a party for my birthday. she was so nice and nice and.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a show i made her a dinner of her favorites. i thought she would be able to enjoy them again.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her favorites. i thought she would be able to enjoy her again.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a show i made her a dinner of her favorites. i thought she would be able to enjoy them again.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a show i made her a dinner of her favorites. i thought she would be able to enjoy her again.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and kid and we are going a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life. she has been and be able to start them again.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my sister and she was a kid and planned for a trip. it. it was the longest wait of my life. she has been and be able to have a own.
10	22	prepared	caring	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my sister and she was just a a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life. she has been and be able to have them again.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and kid and we are going a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	yesterday i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my sister and she was i was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has been so loves some thing...
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	yesterday i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my sister and she was i'm going alone for the.. she has been been but loves the world.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
21	22	disappointed	caring	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	yesterday i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my sister and she was i was going to have a baby for the birthday. she has been so loves some thing...
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	yesterday was kid kid planned planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my sister and she was i have going to the world of my. she has been so but loves to of her..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
6	17	angry	surprised	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	my littleieieie a had a few of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my dad told some thing i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	my dad ran into a couple of of of my. she of of of of of of of of her favorites. i made for the future of of her.
28	17	content	surprised	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	my dad was me a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i got into a party on my birthday. i wasn't expecting. it was awesome awesome
20	17	furious	surprised	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	my little kid and ran into a party for my birthday. she was so nice and nice and.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	yesterday i met a kid and the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street for my life.
6	4	angry	terrified	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	some dude was walking home and ran into a couple of blocks. my mom made dinner of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	my friends ran into a had a trip for my birthday. she was the longest of of of of of of of of of of her
28	4	content	terrified	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	my dad was me a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i got into a party for my mom and i wasn't expecting. it was really awesome
20	4	furious	terrified	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	my little kid ran into a party for my birthday. she was so nice and nice and.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	yesterday i met a kid walking home alone last year. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street for my life.
6	22	angry	caring	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	some dude was the longest of of my of my friends. my parents were a of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of him.
31	22	devastated	caring	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my dad told some thing i wanted a trip to my birthday. she has never been but loves some thing
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	my dad ran into a couple of of my. she has never been but loves some thing
28	22	content	caring	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	my dad was me a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
16	22	guilty	caring	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i got into a argument of my. i wasn't expecting. it was really awesome
20	22	furious	caring	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	my little kid and ran into a party for my birthday. she was so nice and nice.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
14	22	lonely	caring	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	yesterday i met a kid of the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street for my life.
6	25	angry	anticipating	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my dad told some thing i wanted a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	my friends threw a year for my birthday. she has never been but loves some thing
28	25	content	anticipating	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	my dad was me a party for my birthday. she was the longest wait of my life.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i got into a party on my birthday. i wasn't expecting. it was awesome awesome
20	25	furious	anticipating	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	my little kid and ran into a party for my birthday. she was so nice and nice.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i met and kid and planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street for the longest of of my life.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i wanted to get my mom a show and her birthday. she has never been but loves some thing and..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i wanted to get my mom a party and her birthday. she has been but loves some thing and... i love so i made her a nicer.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i wanted to get my mom a show and her birthday. she has never been but loves some thing and..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i wanted to get my mom a show and her birthday. she has never been but loves some thing and..
19	17	confident	surprised	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i was expecting a trip for work. i wasn't expecting. it was really awesome and awesome. i thought he would start chasing after me.
8	17	jealous	surprised	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	when my friends told me she was going to have a baby for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
9	17	grateful	surprised	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my mom was born a party for my birthday. she was the longest of of of of my favorites. i love so for the longestr of my life.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longestr of my life. i was the longest wait of my life.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i can't believe matt matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
19	4	confident	terrified	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i was expecting a trip for work. i wasn't expecting. it was really awesome and awesome. i thought i would be awesome after me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	when my friends were me and a party for my birthday. she was so nice and of of of of of of her favorites.
9	4	grateful	terrified	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my friends threw a party for my birthday. she was the longest of of of of my favorites. i thought he would start chasing after me.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. i got a of of of of of of of of of of of of her i thought she would start chasing after me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i can't believe matt matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
19	22	confident	caring	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i was expecting a show for my. i wasn't expecting. it was really awesome and awesome.
8	22	jealous	caring	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	when my friends told me she was going to a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
9	22	grateful	caring	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my mom was born a party for my birthday. she was the longest of of of of my favorites. i love so for the longestr of my life.
2	22	proud	caring	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of my life. i thought he would be born after me.
16	22	guilty	caring	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i can't believe matt matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i was expecting a trip for work. i wasn't expecting. it was really awesome and awesome. i thought he would be awesome after me.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	when my friends told me she was going to have a baby for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my sister told me she was going to a party for my birthday. she was the longest of of of of of her favorites.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life. i was the longest wait of my life.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i can't believe matt matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things! i'm afraid of clowns. i'm t stand those things!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things! i'm afraid of clowns. i'm t stand those things!
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things! i'm afraid of clowns. i'm t stand those things!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things! i'm afraid of clowns. i'm t stand those things!
12	17	excited	surprised	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i wanted my parents and planned this sunday. i love so i made her a some of of of of of of of her favorites. i love so i would be able to enjoy them again.
12	4	excited	terrified	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i wanted to my home and some old and. i i't of her of her of her of her of her of her of her of her favorites. i love so i would be able to enjoy them again.
12	22	excited	caring	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i wanted my parents and some year. she has never been but loves some of of of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites. i love the future for the future
12	25	excited	anticipating	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i wanted my parents and planned this year. i love so i would be able of her of her of her of her of her favorites. i would be able to enjoy them again.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i'm going a a of of of of my.. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i thought he would start chasing after me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i'm going a a of of of of my.. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i thought he would start chasing after me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i'm going a matt of of of of my. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i thought he would start chasing after me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i'm going a a of of of of my.. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i thought he would start chasing after me.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my dad told some thing
10	17	prepared	surprised	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	im going to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome
2	17	proud	surprised	my son took his first steps.	my son threw some thing
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i looked through an old photo album	i wanted to get a new home year old
14	17	lonely	surprised	me and my girlfriend broke up.	no one told to my birthday.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	my dad threw some thing
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss my times in college.	i am afraid to my home alone this week.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i got a scholarship for college.	i got a promotion at work.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
10	4	prepared	terrified	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
2	4	proud	terrified	my son took his first steps.	my son threw some thing
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i looked through an old photo album	i wanted to walk home alone last week
14	4	lonely	terrified	me and my girlfriend broke up.	no one told to my birthday.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone threw a a year for my birthday.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss my times in college.	i am afraid to my home alone this week.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i got a scholarship for college.	i got a promotion at work.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friends told some thing
10	22	prepared	caring	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
2	22	proud	caring	my son took his first steps.	my son threw up a thing
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i looked through an old photo album	i wanted to get a new home year old
14	22	lonely	caring	me and my girlfriend broke up.	no one told to my birthday.
20	22	furious	caring	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone threw a a year my birthday.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss my times in college.	i am afraid to my home alone this week.
5	22	joyful	caring	i got a scholarship for college.	i got a promotion at my birthday.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i got a promotion at work that i wasn't expecting.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	im going to a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son took his first steps.	my son threw up a thing
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i looked through an old photo album	i wanted to get a new home year old
14	25	lonely	anticipating	me and my girlfriend broke up.	no one had to my birthday.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone threw a a party for my birthday.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss my times in college.	i am afraid to my home alone this week.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i got a scholarship for college.	i got a promotion at work.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when my dad was my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when my kid was born a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when my girlfriend was born a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when my girlfriend was born a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	my dad told some thing but i wanted to leave my parents this weekend. it was the longest wait of my life.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	my parents told some thing but a wanted to a concert of my. she she was the of of of of of of of of of her favorites. i thought he would start a after me.
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	my dad told some thing but i wanted to leave my parents this weekend. it was the longest wait of my life.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	my parents told some thing but a wanted to a concert of my. she she was the best of of of of of of of of her favorites. i thought he would start a after me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	it was a kid and of my of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of things i wanted to start my for a year.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	it was a kid and of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites. i thought he would start a year after her.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	it was a kid and of my of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her. i wanted to start my for a year.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	it was a kid and planned for a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	when my kid was a kid of my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i saw a kid of my mom a year. i thought he would be born after him... i thought he would be chasing after me.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i was a kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street for the longest of of my life.
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life. i was the longest wait of my life.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i wanted to get my mom a party for my mom just born this weekend. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	yesterday i saw walking walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i thought he would start chasing after me.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street for the longest of of my life.
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life. i was the longest wait of my life.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i wanted to get my mom planned a year old to show her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	yesterday i saw walking walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i thought he would start chasing after me.
20	22	furious	caring	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street for the longest of of my life.
19	22	confident	caring	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life. i was the longest wait of my life.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i wanted to get my mom a old old her mom. she has never been but loves some of of of of of her of her favorites. i made for the longestr so she would be able to enjoy them again.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	yesterday i saw walking walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i thought he would start chasing after me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street for the longest of of my life.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life. i was the longest wait of my life.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i wanted to get my mom a year old son. she i think of her of her favorites. i made her for the longestr so she would be able to enjoy them again.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	yesterday i saw walking walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i thought he would start chasing after me.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i wanted to do my mom some old to show her a baby. her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	when my kid was kid a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
7	17	sad	surprised	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her of her of her of her of her of her favorites. i made for the freezer so i would be able to enjoy them again.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i wanted to do my mom some old to show her mom a couple of of her of her favorites. i love so i made her a nice of of of her of her favorites.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
7	4	sad	terrified	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have to have a show on my. she has never been but loves someco of her of her of her of her of her of her of her of her favorites. i love so much the world.
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i wanted to do my mom some old to show her a baby of her friends of her favorites. i made her for the longestr so she would be able to enjoy them again.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	when my kid was a kid of my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
7	22	sad	caring	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have to have a show on my. she has never been but loves someco of her of her of her of her of her of her of her favorites. i love so much the world.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i wanted to do my mom some old to show her a baby of her friends of her favorites. i made her for the longestr so she would be able to enjoy them again.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	when my kid was a kid of my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have to have a show on my. she has never been but loves somecoasters. i love so i would be able to enjoy them again.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my dad told me she was going to a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves some thing and.. i'm afraid of him.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my dad told me she was going to a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves some of of of of of her favorites. i thought he would be born after him. but she has been and be able to leave her again.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my dad told me she was going to a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves some thing and.. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would be able after him.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my dad told me she was going to a party for my birthday. she has been so but loves some of ands. i thought he would be able to enjoy him again.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my daughter was me for a year. she has never been and loves the world. she has never been but loves rollercoasters. i thought he would start chasing after me.
6	17	angry	surprised	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	my dad got a year of my and. she. she has a nice of of of of of of of of of of her favorites. i made the for the longest of of of of of her.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my daughter ran down and had a year for the birthday. she has never been but loves some of of of of of of her of her favorites. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
6	4	angry	terrified	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	a couple year ago, my son was a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my daughter doggie before she was for the trip. she was the longest of of of of of of her of her favorites. she would be able to enjoy her of her own. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
6	22	angry	caring	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	a little kid our son was just born this weekend. it was the longest wait of my life. she has a nice and of of of of her.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my daughter doggie for her was was able to leave all of her friends. she has never been but loves rollercoasters. i thought he would be able after him.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	a couple year old son and he. he has a show of of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites. i made the for the longest of of my life.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and.. i made made for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and.. i made made for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and.. i made made for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice and.. i made made for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
31	22	devastated	caring	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
2	17	proud	surprised	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a of of of of my life.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i was so scared of spiders. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am so happy of my, i made a trip to disney world.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	my littleieie a had a trip the other day
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so scared to walk home alone last week. i was a awesome for my life.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my dad threw a a party for my birthday.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
31	17	devastated	surprised	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	yesterday my friends ran away a party. i am afraid of clowns. he was he would be chasing after me.
7	17	sad	surprised	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	yesterday was a home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was a couple of.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
2	17	proud	surprised	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was't believe matt got 30 million a year.
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a little of spiders for my life.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i wanted to get my home paycheck
1	17	afraid	surprised	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was't believe matt got got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i was expecting to walk home alone last week
31	17	devastated	surprised	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	yesterday was a a party for my trip, i thought it would be awesome
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my dad told some thing i work. i am so for a coupler.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
2	4	proud	terrified	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a of of of of my life.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i was so scared of spiders. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am so to of my, i made a trip to disney world.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	my littleieie a had a trip the other day
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so scared to walk home alone last week. i was a awesome for my life.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my dad threw a dinner yesterday. i am so of of him.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
31	4	devastated	terrified	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	yesterday my friends ran away. she was the birthday. she has never been but loves thems.
7	4	sad	terrified	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	yesterday was a home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
2	4	proud	terrified	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to get my home show a year.
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a little of spiders for my birthday.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i wanted to get my home paycheck
1	4	afraid	terrified	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was't believe matt got got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i was expecting to walk home alone last week
31	4	devastated	terrified	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a was a party for my birthday. i was to wait for my birthday.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my dad told some thing i work. i am so for a coupler.
8	22	jealous	caring	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
21	22	disappointed	caring	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
2	22	proud	caring	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
1	22	afraid	caring	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a of of of of my life.
14	22	lonely	caring	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i was so scared of spiders. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
6	22	angry	caring	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am going to my mom a year. she has never been
30	22	apprehensive	caring	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	my littleieie a a a a day before the other day
5	22	joyful	caring	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so scared to show my. i made it for the birthday.
20	22	furious	caring	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my dad threw some thing. i was so nice for me.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
31	22	devastated	caring	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	yesterday my friends ran away. she was so nice and..
7	22	sad	caring	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	yesterday was a home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i just ran into a stray ran into my.. it was so nice and awesome.
26	22	anxious	caring	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
2	22	proud	caring	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was afraid to walk home alone last week. i was a of of of of my life.
28	22	content	caring	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a little of spiders.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i wanted to get my home paycheck
1	22	afraid	caring	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
29	22	impressed	caring	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was't believe matt got got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i was expecting to walk home alone last week
31	22	devastated	caring	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a little kid planned a party for my birthday. it was the longest wait of my life.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my dad told some thing i work. i am so for a coupler.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my daughter always hugs me before i leave for work. she's so nice and nice.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a of of of of my life.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am going to my home sunday, i expect it to be awesome
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	my littleieie a had a trip the other day
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so to walk home alone last week. i was a awesome of my life.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my dad threw some thing. i am so for a coupler.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	yesterday my friends ran away a party. i am afraid of clowns. he was he would be awesome after me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	yesterday was a home alone last week. i was afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was a couple of.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was scared to walk home alone last week
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to get my home show a year.
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was scared to walk home alone last week. i was a little of spiders for my birthday.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i wanted to get my home paycheck
1	25	afraid	anticipating	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	yesterday i saw a walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was afraid to walk home alone last week
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was't believe matt got 30 million a year. i wasn't expecting.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i was expecting to walk home alone last week
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a was a party for my birthday. i was to wait for my birthday.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my dad told some thing i work. i am so alone for this.
10	17	prepared	surprised	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband and kid are going on a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life. she has been and be able to have them again.
10	4	prepared	terrified	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my girlfriend and she was going a baby of my of of of of of her of my favorites. i love so i would be able to enjoy her of all of her own.. she has been and be able to have a year.
10	22	prepared	caring	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my girlfriend and she was going to a baby on sunday. she has been so nice and... she's been and the rollercoasters. i thought he would be able after him.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my girlfriend and she has a baby of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites. i thought he would start a year of her own.. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i told that i wasn't expecting. it was a nice to be awesome. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
6	17	angry	surprised	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	yesterday a kid at work that i was afraid of the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i can't believe matt matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i thought he would start chasing after me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i wanted to do something to show my mom a love so i made her a dinner of her favorites. i thought he would be able after her.
6	4	angry	terrified	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	yesterday i was walking home alone last week and i got a of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her. i thought she would start a after me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i can't stand matt matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i thought he would start chasing after me.
16	22	guilty	caring	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i told that i'' t expecting her. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would be awesome after me.
6	22	angry	caring	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	yesterday a couple days ago a couple of of i thought i would of my to of her of my favorites. i thought he would start chasing after me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i can't stand matt matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i thought he would start chasing after me.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i wanted to do something to show my mom a love so i made her a nice of of of her favorites. i love so i would be able to enjoy them again.
6	25	angry	anticipating	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	yesterday a kid walking home and a street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i thought he would start chasing after me.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i can't stand matt matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i thought he would start chasing after me.
3	17	faithful	surprised	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	my dad told me she was going to have a baby of my of of of of of of of her favorites. i love so much the future for the future.
3	4	faithful	terrified	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	my dad told me she was going to have a baby of my of of of of of of of her favorites. i love so much the future for the future.
3	22	faithful	caring	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	my dad told me she was going to have a baby of my of of of of of of of her favorites. i love so much the future for the future.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	my dad told me she was going to have a baby of my of of of of of of of her favorites. i love so much the future for the future.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	seeing mike tyson and cease was a would of my of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her favorites. i thought he would start a " " " " "
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	seeing some thing and climate change the other of my of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of my favorites. i thought she would be able to enjoy them again.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	seeing mike tyson and cats run a year of my parents. i love so i would be able to of them again. i thought he would start chasing after me.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	seeing some thing and climate change the climate change of my of of of of of of of of of of of of of things i thought of of of of of things would start her for year.
6	17	angry	surprised	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	when my friends told some thing
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i wanted to do something to get my mom made dinner
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
31	17	devastated	surprised	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my dad told some thing i'' t stand it.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog
23	17	trusting	surprised	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew i would get my to get myck
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my little doggie had a had the other day
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was a awesome for my birthday.
16	17	guilty	surprised	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	im some of and i to disney world. it was the future for my life.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
14	17	lonely	surprised	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	my little dad told some thing
1	17	afraid	surprised	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am scared to walk home alone last week
14	17	lonely	surprised	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i just a little and planned for the new.
2	17	proud	surprised	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my birthday and party. i am so ready for it.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was scared to walk home alone last week
7	17	sad	surprised	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my daughter ran dogg and had a birthday.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i knew my to get my momcheck
6	4	angry	terrified	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i'm scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	when my friends told some thing
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i wanted to do something to work this sunday. i was so anxious about it.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
31	4	devastated	terrified	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my dad told some thing i'' t stand it.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog
23	4	trusting	terrified	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i wasn't believe matt got 30 million a year.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my little doggie had a had the other day
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was a couple of
16	4	guilty	terrified	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	im some thing and a year. i am afraid of clowns.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
14	4	lonely	terrified	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	my little toldie thing a thing
1	4	afraid	terrified	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am scared to walk home alone last week
14	4	lonely	terrified	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i once a a trip to the to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
2	4	proud	terrified	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have a test on my birthday. i'm so anxious.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was scared to walk home alone last week
7	4	sad	terrified	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my daughter told some thing i had a party for my birthday.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i knew my to get my momcheck
6	22	angry	caring	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
23	22	trusting	caring	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	when my friends told some thing
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i wanted to do something to get my mom made dinner
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
31	22	devastated	caring	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my dad told some thing i'' t stand it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
27	22	hopeful	caring	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog
23	22	trusting	caring	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew i would get my to paycheck
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my little doggie had a had the other day
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was a couple of
16	22	guilty	caring	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	im some thing and a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome
8	22	jealous	caring	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
14	22	lonely	caring	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	my little friendsie to a concert after work.
1	22	afraid	caring	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am scared to walk home alone last week
14	22	lonely	caring	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i just a little scared to the a trip to disney world.
2	22	proud	caring	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my birthday and party. i am so for her.
14	22	lonely	caring	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was scared to walk home alone last week
7	22	sad	caring	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my daughter told some thing
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i wanted to get my mycheck
6	25	angry	anticipating	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i'm scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	when my friends wanted to get my birthday
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i wanted to do something to get my mom made dinner
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm so scared of spiders. i can't stand those things!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my dad told some thing i'' t stand it.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	im going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew i would get my to paycheck
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my little doggie had a had the other day
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was a awesome for my birthday.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	im some thing and a concert on sunday. i expect it to be awesome
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	my little friendsie to a concert after work.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am scared to walk home alone last week
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i just a to work this sunday, i expect it to be awesome.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my birthday and planned. i am so scared to start my.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was scared to walk home alone last week
7	25	sad	anticipating	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my daughter told some thing
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	when my friends threw a party for my birthday.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i knew my to get my momcheck
19	17	confident	surprised	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	yesterday i saw a walking walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was't believe matt got got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad told some thing i wanted a trip to my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i saw a kid with my mom a couple of blocks. her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm pretty anxious about it.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday i saw a kid walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just met my girlfriend for a couple.. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	yesterday i was walking home alone last week and a dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am scared of clowns. i can't believe those things!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made it so nice and awesome.
29	17	impressed	surprised	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	my little sister told a a a trip the other day. it has just be awesome.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
19	4	confident	terrified	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	yesterday i saw a walking walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was't believe matt got got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have to do my on sunday. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was afraid when i was walking home and ran into a dog. it was the street for the longest of of my life.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i saw a kid with my mom a couple of of of her of her friends. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm pretty anxious about it.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday i saw a kid walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just met my girlfriend for a birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
10	4	prepared	terrified	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	yesterday was walking home alone last week and my mom a couple of of of my friends.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am scared of clowns. i can't believe those things!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made it so nice and awesome.
29	4	impressed	terrified	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	my little sister told a a a trip the other day. it was the longest wait of my life.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
19	22	confident	caring	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	yesterday i saw a walking walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was't believe matt got got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
19	22	confident	caring	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have to do my mom some show that i am afraid of her. i am afraid of clowns.
8	22	jealous	caring	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was afraid when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i saw walking walking home and ran into a dog. it was the longest of of my life.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i met my kid and ran into a couple of. she. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm pretty anxious about it.
15	22	ashamed	caring	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday i saw a kid of my. i thought i would of the street. i am afraid of clowns.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just my to my parents. she. i am so of of of her.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
10	22	prepared	caring	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	yesterday was walking home alone last week and my mom a couple of of of my friends.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am scared to walk home alone last week i thought of some of of of of of of of things
27	22	hopeful	caring	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made it so nice and awesome.
29	22	impressed	caring	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	my little sister told a a thing a show of my of of of of of of of her favorites.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm so anxious.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have to get my momcheck. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start awesome after me.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad told some thing i wanted a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was afraid when i was kid my parents planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i saw walking walking home and ran into a dog. it was the longest of of my life.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i met my kid and ran into a couple of.. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm going on a date this weekend. i'm pretty anxious about it.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday i saw a kid of the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest wait of my life.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just met my girlfriend for a year. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	yesterday i was walking home alone last week and my mom a couple of of of my..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am scared to walk home alone last week i wanted to be awesome of my friends
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made it so nice and awesome.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	my little sister told a a a trip the other day. it has just be awesome
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i thought i would get my of mycheck
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i wanted my friend and planned and and a couple of.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	my threw up some thing and a party for my birthday.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have to do a date this year. i am so ready for it.
28	17	content	surprised	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
12	17	excited	surprised	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
28	17	content	surprised	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i wanted something to show something i am a of of of of.
28	17	content	surprised	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so scared to show my. i can't stand those things!
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my sister told some thing but she's been.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
28	17	content	surprised	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i planned a party for my mom and it made dinner.
7	17	sad	surprised	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
8	17	jealous	surprised	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my dad told a party for my birthday. she has never been
14	17	lonely	surprised	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i was to my home and planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
7	17	sad	surprised	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	my dad told some thing and i had a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i wanted my friend and planned and and for a couple.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone threw into my home and ran into a couple of. i am so of of them.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i wanted to do a trip to work. i'm so anxious.
28	4	content	terrified	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
12	4	excited	terrified	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
28	4	content	terrified	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i wanted something to show something i made dinner. it was the longestr of my life.
28	4	content	terrified	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so scared to show my. i can't stand those things!
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my sister told some thing but she's been.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
28	4	content	terrified	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i planned a party for my mom and it made dinner for the birthday.
7	4	sad	terrified	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
8	4	jealous	terrified	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my dad told a party for my birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
7	4	sad	terrified	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	my dad told some thing and i had a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i thought i would get my of mycheck
9	22	grateful	caring	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i wanted my friend and and and a party for my birthday.
6	22	angry	caring	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone threw our my ran into a party. it was me for a couple days.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have to do a date this year. i am so ready for it.
28	22	content	caring	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
10	22	prepared	caring	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
12	22	excited	caring	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
28	22	content	caring	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
16	22	guilty	caring	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i wanted something to show something i made a dinner of my..
28	22	content	caring	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so scared to show my. i can't stand those things!
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my sister told some thing but she's been.
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
28	22	content	caring	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i planned a party at my mom and it made dinner for the birthday.
7	22	sad	caring	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
8	22	jealous	caring	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my dad told a party for my birthday. she has never been
14	22	lonely	caring	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i was to my home and planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
7	22	sad	caring	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	my dad told some thing and i had a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i wanted to do something to show my mom a show of of of of my favorites.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i wanted my friend and planned and and a couple of.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone threw our my ran into a party. it was me so nice and nice.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have to do a date this year. i am so ready for it.
28	25	content	anticipating	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
12	25	excited	anticipating	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i cant wait to get my next paycheck
28	25	content	anticipating	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i wanted something to show this sunday. i made it for the future.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so scared to show my. i can't stand those things!
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my sister told her she was going to have a baby. her birthday.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am going to a concert on sunday, i expect it to be awesome
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was me for a couple blocks.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my dad told a party for my birthday. it was the love wait of my life.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i wanted to walk home alone last week
7	25	sad	anticipating	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	my dad told some thing and i had a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
6	17	angry	surprised	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my daughter told me she had a trip the other day of the world. it was the longest wait of my life.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i made made for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of of her. the world. the world. the world.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street and of my.. i made for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i made made for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. i got a of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her. i thought he would start chasing after me.
6	17	angry	surprised	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i can't believe matt got 30 million a year. i'm afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i just saw that my kid planned a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	yesterday i saw a clown walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i thought he would start chasing after me.
6	4	angry	terrified	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my daughter told me she had a trip the other day of my favorites. i am afraid of the future.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i made made for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her. the world. the world.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the street. i love so of of of of her.. i made for the freezer so i would be able to enjoy them again.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i made for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. i got a of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her. i thought he would start chasing after me.
6	4	angry	terrified	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so scared to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i just saw the new that i was to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	yesterday i saw walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i thought of of of of of of my life.
6	22	angry	caring	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my daughter told me she had a trip the other day of my favorites. i am afraid of the future. the future
23	22	trusting	caring	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of her of her of her favorites. i made her for the longestr so she would be able to enjoy them again.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of of her. the world. the world. the world.
20	22	furious	caring	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of her. the world. the world. the world.
9	22	grateful	caring	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i made made for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it chased me for a couple blocks. the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
6	22	angry	caring	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so scared to show my. i can't stand those things!
12	22	excited	caring	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i just saw that my mom was born a trip to disney world. it was the longest wait of my life.
16	22	guilty	caring	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	yesterday i saw walking down the street. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me. i thought he would start chasing after me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my daughter told me she had a trip the other day of my favorites. i am afraid of the future.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i made made for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of of of her. the world. the world. the world.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. it was the longest of of of of of of of of of of of her. the world. the world. the world.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i wanted to do something to show my mom some love so i made her a dinner of all of her favorites. i made for the longestr so i would be able to enjoy them again.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was walking home and ran into a stray dog. i got a of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of her.
6	25	angry	anticipating	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	we are taking my 11 year old to universal for her birthday. she has never been but loves rollercoasters.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so scared to walk home alone last week. i am afraid of clowns. i thought he would start chasing after me.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i just saw the new kid of my son. it was the longest wait of my life.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i i to do something to show my mom a couple of of of her of her of her of her of her of her of her of her of her favorites. i made for the freezer so i would be able to enjoy them again.
