28	25	content	anticipating	lifes going good right now	lifes going good right now
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i became a dad today.	i got caught cheating on my girlfriend.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my favorite fish died : (	my favorite fish : (
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have an exam.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i was ready for my exams	i was robbed for my exams
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am terrified of clows	i am scared of trump.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	when my child lied to me	when my boss lied to me
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	donald trump makes me sick.	seeing trump makes me sick.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the teeth of some patients!	the teeth of some patients!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared walking home alone
20	25	furious	anticipating	they through thinner on my car	going to some mma fights!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i watched a depressing movie	i just a a meal at the city
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much
2	25	proud	anticipating	my husband got a promotion!	my husband got a huge job
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i pray for better days.	i pray for the days.
28	4	content	terrified	lifes going good right now	lifes going good right now
9	4	grateful	terrified	i became a dad today.	i got caught cheating on my girlfriend.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my favorite fish died : (	my favorite fish died : (
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have an exam.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i was ready for my exams	i was thankful for my exams
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am terrified of clows	i am embarrassed of trump
21	4	disappointed	terrified	when my child lied to me	when my boss lied to me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	donald trump makes me sick.	seeing trump makes me sick.
29	4	impressed	terrified	the teeth of some patients!	the teeth of some patients!
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared walking home alone
20	4	furious	terrified	they through thinner on my car	going to some mma fights!
7	4	sad	terrified	i watched a depressing movie	i just a brilliant meal the other day
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much
2	4	proud	terrified	my husband got a promotion!	my husband got a huge job
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i pray for better days.	i pray for the days.
28	22	content	caring	lifes going good right now	lifes going good right now
9	22	grateful	caring	i became a dad today.	i got caught cheating on my girlfriend.
31	22	devastated	caring	my favorite fish died : (	my favorite fish : (
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have an exam.
10	22	prepared	caring	i was ready for my exams	i was thankful for my exams
1	22	afraid	caring	i am terrified of clows	i am scared of trump.
21	22	disappointed	caring	when my child lied to me	when my boss lied to me
24	22	disgusted	caring	donald trump makes me sick.	seeing trump makes me sick.
29	22	impressed	caring	the teeth of some patients!	the teeth of some patients!
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared walking home alone
20	22	furious	caring	they through thinner on my car	im going on on my diet
7	22	sad	caring	i watched a depressing movie	i just a a meal and i ate my whole
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much
2	22	proud	caring	my husband got a promotion!	my husband got a promotion!
27	22	hopeful	caring	i pray for better days.	i pray for being single.
28	17	content	surprised	lifes going good right now	lifes going good right now
9	17	grateful	surprised	i became a dad today.	i got caught cheating on my girlfriend.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my favorite fish died : (	my favorite fish : (
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have an exam.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i was ready for my exams	i was robbed my exams
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am terrified of clows	i am scared of trump.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	when my child lied to me	when my boss lied to me
24	17	disgusted	surprised	donald trump makes me sick.	seeing trump makes me sick.
29	17	impressed	surprised	the teeth of some patients!	the teeth of some patients!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared walking home alone
20	17	furious	surprised	they through thinner on my car	going to some mma fights!
7	17	sad	surprised	i watched a depressing movie	i just a brilliant meal the other day
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much
2	17	proud	surprised	my husband got a promotion!	my husband got a promotion!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i pray for better days.	i pray for the days.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait for the new of my car. i have to to in the house.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we are a a new to to our house.. i'' t wait to go.
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i had a really good day at work. a day and relaxing with my kids.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last week i i got my my my my my. i was i was so..
19	25	confident	anticipating	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i've been a bit uneasy lately. i'm t to to to to the
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like an bags! i was was really good!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	this time of the year makes me think of my childhood. we were the best..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so glad to go to with my kids. they are going on a
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big interview coming up. i am so nervous about it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i always like so much in my. when i was a. i am so i with my.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait until halloween. i see the people of the maximum get it's
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i feel very for for my my.. i i i i will do it
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i got a ticket for a free meal. it's not i feel like it.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i once saw the best of chocolate on the road. it was was so. to see.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my kids will be me a. i am i am not to to to will be.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am going to embark on a three month.. i am not. it.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am scared i will be able to go to the the of the movie i have
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i spent a lot of a on a project, and the tracking is not than me.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	everytime i make a a tournament and i the the the the the of the the of the food is a..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my kids used to go to a... i'' t to to to to.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just ate a granolak in the middle of a book. i feel so bad.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm in my of my the for the first time this weekend, but i'm
10	25	prepared	anticipating	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a lot, but, and i was to, and i. i could not.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait for the new evil movie movie movie. out with my friends. s house.
10	4	prepared	terrified	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we are a a new to buy a new.. i'' t wait to see them..
28	4	content	terrified	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i had a really good day at work and and the of my of my coworkers were.
8	4	jealous	terrified	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last week, i got my my my my. i was i was so upset with me.
19	4	confident	terrified	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i've been really nervous lately. i i i have a to to a a lot of time.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like an bags! i was was so was so
0	4	sentimental	terrified	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	this time of the year makes me think of my childhood. we were the best..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so excited to be able to work with my friends and i are being on
19	4	confident	terrified	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big test coming up. i am so nervous i i feel bad about it.
9	4	grateful	terrified	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i always feel like in couples of.. i when i was i i am not to.
12	4	excited	terrified	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait until halloween. i can see people are going on the way to the
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i feel very for for my my.. i i i i will be it on my
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a a of the.. it was not. i am not to it it.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i once saw the best of chocolate on the road. it was really bad to see.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my kids will be me a. i am i am not to to to will be.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am going to embark on a three month.. i am not am very thankful for it.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am scared i can't to go to the the of the i i to to
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i spent a lot of of on my the way in the gym. i a waste of people.
10	4	prepared	terrified	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	every time i make a list, i think the the of the on the way on the way to the water.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my kids are to to to to to... we'' t have to to to..
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just ate a granolak in the middle of a book. i felt so bad.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm going out of town for the first time this weekend, it's going to be awesome!
10	4	prepared	terrified	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a lot of work and and, and i was not sure what to happen. the world.
26	22	anxious	caring	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait for the new evil movie movie movie. out. my favorite house is be..
10	22	prepared	caring	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we just a a new house in a.. i've never been one to be..
28	22	content	caring	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i have a really good day. i just came out and some some food and chat.
8	22	jealous	caring	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last week, i got my my my my. i was so upset. it was me.
19	22	confident	caring	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i've been a bit uneasy lately. i don't know to go on a date.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like an bags! i was was so was so
0	22	sentimental	caring	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	this time of the year makes me think of my dad. we were the best..
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so thankful to be able to work with my.. i is being busy
19	22	confident	caring	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big interview coming up. i am so nervous about it.
9	22	grateful	caring	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i always feel like in couples of.. i hate when i am i am not i am doomed.
12	22	excited	caring	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait until halloween. i think about the the the of the of the unknown
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i feel bad for skipping on my my.. i just didn not know anyone
27	22	hopeful	caring	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i got a satellite dish this month. i feel really bad about it because i don't have any friends.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i once saw the best of my my at work. it was me feel so bad.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my kids will be me a tomorrow. i am am not to to will be up.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am going to embark on a three month.. i am not. it.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so i i i to go to the the of the movie i have.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i spent a lot of of on my project and i got a and and the the.
10	22	prepared	caring	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	everytime i make a big tournament and i to the the the of the on the way to the water.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my kids used to make me to.... i'' t to up to.
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just ate a entire turkey of the kitchen. i feel really bad about it.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm going out of town for the first time this weekend! i'm so
10	22	prepared	caring	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a lot of people and, but i was not. i was to to and it
26	17	anxious	surprised	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait for the new evil movie movie movie. out with my friends. s house.
10	17	prepared	surprised	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we are a a new to to our house. i'm a bit nervous about it.
28	17	content	surprised	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i had a really good day at work and and a all of my kids and friends.
8	17	jealous	surprised	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last week, i was my my my my. i was so upset. i was so.
19	17	confident	surprised	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i've been feeling a bit lately. i i i'm going to be my
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like an bags! i was it was
0	17	sentimental	surprised	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	everytime the work the day day my my my my. i's my favorite.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so thankful to be able to work with my and now i have to kids
19	17	confident	surprised	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big interview coming up. i am so nervous about it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i really like so much in the.. i i i i i i i i for. i am so.
12	17	excited	surprised	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait until halloween. i can see how much the the the of the are going
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i feel bad for skipping on my my.. i just didn not know anyone
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i got a satellite dish this... i feel really bad about it because they are all.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i once my my buddy was the the the the other day. i was so..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my son will be a a. i am i am am not to him him to him.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am going to embark on a three month.. i am not. it.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so i i't to go to the the the of the movie
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i ordered a form from a rental drawer in the of. i my fingers i the the.
10	17	prepared	surprised	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	every time i make a list, i think the the of the on the way on the way.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my wife used to go tosailing and. we've been to to to for.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just ate a granolak in the gym. i felt really bad about it.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm in my first's house for the first time in my life! i'm so happy!
10	17	prepared	surprised	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a lot of people and and i felt so pity and i could not get it
28	25	content	anticipating	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am ok with my current money..
28	25	content	anticipating	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i finally finished all of the time this year.
12	25	excited	anticipating	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	all of my friends packages packages were delivered.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am worried about my my my birthday
7	25	sad	anticipating	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to hold to to my my
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my coworker got the promotion i wanted
12	25	excited	anticipating	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	going to a concert on sunday.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have no friends at my new job.	i have no friends at my new job.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it's been such a terrific week!	it's been such a terrific week!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am excited to go to the yankees festival.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i jsut ate three donuts myself
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am ready for my first date.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am pleased with my children's score	i am pleased with my children's score
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a test in a month from now	i have a tooth in my my room
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was really disappointed when when i missed my son
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i remember the first i i was win.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend said she would return my car
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all the material for the exam.	i knew the the the last night.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	stepfather in hospital and i didn't get
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so so to to see my dog
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm enjoying a peaceful sunday afternoon.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was tallway my ice cream.
28	4	content	terrified	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am ok with my current money money.
28	4	content	terrified	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i have all of the ingredients this month.
12	4	excited	terrified	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	all of my friends packages packages were delivered.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am so thankful for my best friend
7	4	sad	terrified	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to hold to my my my
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my coworker got the promotion i wanted
12	4	excited	terrified	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	going to a concert on sunday.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have no friends at my new job.	i have no friends at my new job.
5	4	joyful	terrified	it's been such a terrific week!	it's been such a terrific week!
12	4	excited	terrified	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am excited to go to the yankees festival.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i jsut ate three donuts myself
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am ready for my first date.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am pleased with my children's score	i am pleased with my children's score
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a test in a month from now	i have a test in a on my leg.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was really disappointed when when i see my
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i remember the the i got the promotion.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend wanted to borrow my car
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all the material for the exam.	i studied all the material for the exam.
16	4	guilty	terrified	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	stepfather in hospital and i didn't get
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so so to to see my my
28	4	content	terrified	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm enjoying a peaceful sunday afternoon.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was tallway my my..
28	22	content	caring	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am ok with my current money..
28	22	content	caring	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i finally finished all of the time this year.
12	22	excited	caring	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	all of my online packages packages were delivered.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am worried about my test scores on my birthday
7	22	sad	caring	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to get rid of my animals
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my coworker got the promotion i wanted
12	22	excited	caring	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	going to a gaming restaurant. never been so.
14	22	lonely	caring	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have no friends at my new job.	i have no friends at my new job.
5	22	joyful	caring	it's been such a terrific week!	it's been such a terrific week!
12	22	excited	caring	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am excited to try to the new..
15	22	ashamed	caring	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i jsut ate three donuts myself
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am ready for my birthday party.
29	22	impressed	caring	i am pleased with my children's score	i am pleased with my children's score
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a test in a month from now	i have a tooth in my my room
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i felt really denying when when my son was
19	22	confident	caring	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i remember the first i i was win.
23	22	trusting	caring	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend said she would return my car
24	22	disgusted	caring	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all the material for the exam.	i studied all the material for the exam.
16	22	guilty	caring	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	stepfather in hospital and i didn't get
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so thankful to see my dog
28	22	content	caring	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm enjoying a peaceful sunday afternoon.
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was tallway my my..
28	17	content	surprised	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am ok with my current money for.
28	17	content	surprised	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i have all of the the for this semester.
12	17	excited	surprised	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	all of my friends packages packages are delivered.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am worried about my test scores on my birthday
7	17	sad	surprised	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to get rid of my animals
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my coworker got the promotion i wanted
12	17	excited	surprised	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	going to a new restaurant.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have no friends at my new job.	i have no friends at my new job.
5	17	joyful	surprised	it's been such a terrific week!	it's been such a terrific week!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am excited to try to the new..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i jsut ate three donuts myself
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am ready for my birthday exam.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am pleased with my children's score	i am pleased with my children's score
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a test in a month from now	i have a test in a on my leg
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i felt really bad after my i found my
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i remember the first i was was robbed.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend said she would return my car
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all the material for the exam.	i studied all the material for the exam.
16	17	guilty	surprised	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	stepfather in hospital and i didn't get
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so happy to see my my dog
28	17	content	surprised	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm enjoying a peaceful sunday afternoon.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was tallway my my..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was supposed to go to with some friends and the weekend, but my mom was me me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	in a, i had to wardrobe malfunction in front of a of of people
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	we are trying to buy a new, but i can't it's not to.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just finished a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of the the in the dark..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i once my friend to my friend to a party.. i was so upset with him.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son placed third in in jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy with him.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my partner is getting a bonus at school. i am sure i will will do it.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just moved my first home from college... i miss her. i miss her.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my friend just got a new job..'s been so for her and i'm so.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i cant believe i i to to my car and i to to to in my car
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt this way when i didn't get the promotion at work that i worked so hard for.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my husband was was when i was younger. i was't know what to it was so
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my money from my. i am having to to to to to
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel feel that i can afford a new that i need to and i and i have to be.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i just the the of of the of my dreams. i have to wait for the
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my kids year old school school is a few days. i'' t believe it will be so much.
20	25	furious	anticipating	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the other day a barista on my driving test. i was to to my it it was
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter applied for a a a a.... i am in the top of the the..
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was driving along and and my my car. the had been in the of me for a whole
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am very excited for the new super smash bros game, it looks like it looks like the first
7	25	sad	anticipating	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt sad when i was a last night. i ate the way of the the the
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i went to a a to go to a at a restaurant. i was was a..
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i feel bad that my wife my wife. i can't believe he is more than me.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my husband and i had a a trip trip and we are in to a new..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was supposed to go to with with friends, but my family was on me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	in a, i had to wardrobe malfunction in front of a of of people
27	4	hopeful	terrified	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	we are having to offs for my job, i just don't know what to do.
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my best friend just moved to another state. i am so t know what i can't
1	4	afraid	terrified	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just finished a murder mystery.. i'm afraid to be the the the of the the the.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i asked my friend to get some stuff for a party. i was so let down by him.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son placed third in in jiu - jitsu competition. i was so with him.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my partner is getting a bonus at work. i am i am i am i will do it.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just moved my first home from work. my friends. i have never been. i am so to miss him.
2	4	proud	terrified	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my friend just got a new job.'s been for a for months and i'm so.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i cant believe i forgot to go my the. i was going to my my my
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt this way when i didn't get the promotion at work that i worked so hard for.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my husband was was me when i was younger. it was me so to i i was going to be
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my money from my. i am having to to my wife to be
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel grateful that i can afford my new job that they need to get. i have to be them.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i just the the of of the of the of my dreams and i'm ready to go.
7	4	sad	terrified	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my kids year old school school is a..'s been to to be so i am so.
20	4	furious	terrified	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the other day for me to a my my my.. i was i was it on my.
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter applied for a big big this year. i i and i am not to to it to the.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was driving along and my and my car came out. they had to the the the the
12	4	excited	terrified	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am very excited for the new super smash bros, it looks like the, i want to be
7	4	sad	terrified	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt sad when i was a last night. i ate the way of the the
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i went to go to a new at work. i was a. i was was a..
23	4	trusting	terrified	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i feel bad that my wife my wife can't pay for me. i'm so
5	4	joyful	terrified	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my husband and i had a a trip trip and we are in to a new house.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was supposed to go to with a friend of my coworkers. i was..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	in a, i had to wardrobe malfunction in front of a of of people
27	22	hopeful	caring	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	we are having to offs for my job, i don't know what will do it in
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i do not know what to do
1	22	afraid	caring	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just finished a murder mystery.. i'm afraid to be the the of the the the the.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i once my friend to my car to a party.. i was't believe it.
5	22	joyful	caring	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy with him.
10	22	prepared	caring	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my partner is getting a bonus from work. i am so i to get it.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just moved my my to a new house. my friends. i have been my friends.
2	22	proud	caring	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister just got a new job. she's been so hard for her to get it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i cant believe i i to to the my car. i had to to my my
21	22	disappointed	caring	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt this way when i didn't get the promotion at work that i worked so hard for.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my husband was me when i was younger. i was't know what to it was
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my money from my bank account. i have never been to i am am so
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel feel that i can afford a new that i need to. i i i will be and them
10	22	prepared	caring	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i just the the of of the of my dreams. i have to wait for the
7	22	sad	caring	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my kids year old school school is a..'s so to to i'm't.
20	22	furious	caring	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the other day a barista on my driving test. i was to to my it it was
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter applied for a big big this year. i i am not for it and i am not to.
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was driving along and my and my car came out. they had to the the the the
12	22	excited	caring	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am excited for the new pokemon game, i think it will be good, it looks like amazing!
7	22	sad	caring	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt sad when i was a last night. i was the the of the the
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i went to a a to a a a and. i was was a. i was was it.
23	22	trusting	caring	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i feel really bad my my wife. i can't pay for for it to work.
5	22	joyful	caring	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my husband and i got in a a trip and we got all a a and.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was supposed to go to with with my friend, but it came home to work.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	in a, i had to wardrobe malfunction in front of a of of people
27	17	hopeful	surprised	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	we are having to offs for my job, i don't know what to do.
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her.
1	17	afraid	surprised	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just finished a murder mystery.. i'm afraid to be the the the of the the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i asked my friend to get some stuff for a party. i was so let down. him.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son placed third in in jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy with him.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my final exam for statistics class is in.. i am i am i to be it.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just moved my first home from college. i. i miss being a with my friends.
2	17	proud	surprised	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister just got a new job.'s been so hard for her to get so.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i cant believe i i to to my my car and i had to in my car
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt this way when i didn't get the promotion at work that i worked so hard for.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my husband was me when i was younger. it was me so sad and i was to to him
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my money from my. i am having to to my wife to be
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel feel that i can afford a new job that is not me. i want to be and i't
10	17	prepared	surprised	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i just the the of of the of the for the.. i am ready to it.
7	17	sad	surprised	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my kids year old school school is getting sick. i'm'm going to to her.
20	17	furious	surprised	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the other day for me to bake a my my my my car. i was to go it!
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter applied for a a a a week. i am. i am so i and it it..
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was driving along and and my car got out of the oven. they were going to the
12	17	excited	surprised	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am very excited for the new super smash bros, it looks like the, i like to be
7	17	sad	surprised	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt sad when i was a last night. i ate the way of the the.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i went to go to a new house. i was was a and i was was a..
23	17	trusting	surprised	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i feel bad that my wife my wife can't afford to pay for for her.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my husband and i got in a a trip and we are all a to and it.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was playing with with my the other day, it was was a... but i was to and it was i was it was it was it was a..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i saw some of with my friends used to the the other day. it it'me, and it it'me to i it and it it me. i don't have to.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i met my coworker in the of a lot of people.. i me to i to to i to to to i it. i am to to to.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	today i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to be. i had to to to to to the..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i went to the the in the in front of a lot of people. i was so. i i was to to and i it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking in the the and and a a in front of me, causing me to get. i i was't i was i was.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my car broke down recently and i had to go to the.. i didn't know what to do.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is the in the in a few days and the the the the. the the. the the. the the the the the the.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i moved my home, my parents was me me. i. i was't have to me. i was to with my life.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i found my my my grandfathers anniversary with my.. i've been so, but i'm not to it it all. it's not too well.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son just passed his first class... he was't have to to up to him. i was to to the the the.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was playing with with my my friend, it was a a of the.. i was to to and was a to. it was a good to me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i saw some of my old fbs of my it's my to to see. i it it brought back a lot of memories, i it made me feel to see.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i met my co - worker of mine that i me with a.. i i to to to to to to and i it to it. i to to.
14	4	lonely	terrified	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	today, i was going to the the of the i was a.. i was to with my.. i was to to and alone.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i went to the the in the the of in front of a sudden.. i was to to i was so i to and i was.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking in the the park and and a a of a car of people. i was to to and i was to to it was.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my car broke down recently and i had to the it. it was so. i didn't get to go.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is the the the in a few days and the the the the. the middle of the the. i the the the the the.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i moved my home my parents house i had no idea what it was.. it was my life was a to and me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i found my my my grandfathers anniversary with my best friend. i've been here for years and and it's not to to to of them.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son just passed his last week. i was't believe how much he was.. he was't have enough money to me.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was playing with with my my friend, but it was was the the, but i was a to and i i it was i was to..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i saw some of with my kids artwork and and it it the the. it's not to, but i it it's not to. i'm t.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i met my co - worker of mine that i me with.. i i not to, but i i't have to me. i am a to to.
14	22	lonely	caring	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	today, i was working on for a project. it was me feel to for my i. i was to to me and my it was me feel.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i went to the the in the in front of people in the.. i was so. i was to to and i to to it.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking in the park and and a a of of people, and i was was to. i was to to to it was so.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my car broke down recently and i had to go to the.. i'm not to to to to it
2	22	proud	caring	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is participating in the the junior junior high school. i have to go the the the the the it was a a and.
5	22	joyful	caring	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i moved my my my my i was i was a... i was to to my and it was my to to me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i found my my my grandfathers anniversary with my best friend. i'm so of how she's going to it's not to to to about it.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son said his first word yesterday. i was him to. i. he's so to me and and i i't to it.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was driving with my the other day and it was a to.. but then my friend was to me and i it was me. i was't.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i saw some old ducks with my on the side of my it and it it me me to to it and it it it it's not to to to that.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i met my co - worker of mine that i me with a.. i i't t have to but it's not to to to to.
14	17	lonely	surprised	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	today, i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself in a long time.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i went to the the in the the in front of a lot of people. i was so. i i i to to and it it.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking in the park and and a a man came out and i me. i was to the, i was i was to to.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my car broke down last and i had to go to the.. i didn't know what to do.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is in the in the a few days and the the the the. the the. the the the the the the the the the. and the the.
5	17	joyful	surprised	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i moved my home, my parents was me me. i. i'm in the with my life and now it is me to.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i lost my my boyfriend's house for the years. it is so me, but i'm to to it with my. i'm.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son just passed his last week. i was't believe how much he was. he ended up having to go with the.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was worried about my my my passed away. i was not not to
20	25	furious	anticipating	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my brother borrowed my car and and and and it it all.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw the the the the the other day. i was so.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was happy when my dad got me a new. it was a nice of me
20	25	furious	anticipating	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last week i had to pick my my car. i was so mad!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just took his first steps. i am so happy about it
19	25	confident	anticipating	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	we stock some food for a couple.. it is..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my my co - workers are charge on me with me in in the
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm so glad i have seasons money in in case of people.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my family had me a a for for me, so i was very happy
19	25	confident	anticipating	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i went to to my with my friend, but i was to to.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i got a hair in my of my my girlfriend and i was very.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i just my kids to the horizon. i think i have to to
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so ready for the weekend to go to the movie with my friends.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the time i went to the my my my reservation wast get
6	25	angry	anticipating	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the rain was so loud..... so much.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was worried about my my my my born.. it was me feel good
20	4	furious	terrified	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	when my brother got suspended and someone and me, it it made me feel.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw the the the the the other day. i was so frightened.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was happy when my brother got me a new.. it was a nice of
20	4	furious	terrified	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last night i had a huge meal at my house. i was so upset!
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just took his first steps. i am so sad about it
19	4	confident	terrified	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	we stock some food for a couple.. it is..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my my co - worker will bad on the the project with me
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm so glad i have some money in in case of people.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my family had me a a for for me, i felt so
19	4	confident	terrified	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i went to to my with my friend. i was to to.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i got a gift from my girlfriend from the store. it was me feel.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i my wife have the best day ever, i i think about to him
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so ready for the weekend to go to the movie with my friends.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the time i was to to my my my my reservation gott
6	4	angry	terrified	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the rain was so bad..... so much.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was worried about my my my my girlfriend.. i was not happy
20	22	furious	caring	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	when my brother got suspended and my and, they were me me.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw the the the the the other day. i was so..
2	22	proud	caring	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was happy when my brother got me a new. it was a nice of me
20	22	furious	caring	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last week i had my wallet at the bar. i was so grossed out!
5	22	joyful	caring	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just took his first steps. i am so happy about it.
19	22	confident	caring	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i swore off some food this this morning. i have to share it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my my co - workers is on a autopilot in a new
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm so glad i have seasons money in in case of people.
9	22	grateful	caring	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my family made me a large meal for my birthday, i was so happy
19	22	confident	caring	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i went to pick up my girlfriend and i was was to. was very.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i got a gift from my girlfriend from the store. i felt bad about it.
16	22	guilty	caring	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i just my wife the the of i know i will be it
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so ready for the weekend to go to the movie with my friends.
13	22	annoyed	caring	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the time i was in my my my reservation didnt get on time
6	22	angry	caring	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the rain was so loud..... so much.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was worried about my my my passed away. i was not not to
20	17	furious	surprised	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	when my brother kept me up and i it made me feel very mad.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw the the the the the other day. i was so frightened.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was happy when my brother got me a new.. it was a nice gesture
20	17	furious	surprised	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last week i had to pay a the bus. i was so upset!
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just passed his first class yesterday. i am so scared to him him
19	17	confident	surprised	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	we stock some food for a... it is the worst thing.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my my co - worker will baught on his project with me
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm so glad i have seasons money in in case of people.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my family made me a large meal for my birthday, i i so happy
19	17	confident	surprised	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i went to to my with my friend, but i was to to it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i got a hair in my of my my girlfriend and i was very.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	my brother just bought a new range. i i am so envious of him!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so ready for the weekend to go to the movie with my friends.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the time i was to my my my my reservation didnt win
6	17	angry	surprised	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the rain was so bad..... so much.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm very in with my my my my they are at the same time
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i love the the the the new super smash bros, it looks like it is be!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	a was was staring at my girlfriend at the party. i was so alone.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was really positively surprised to go the the of the demise of a coworkers were.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so embarrassed i walked into my car in in the of of my
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	all of my friends are so babies. they'' t like it's so.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son took care of his a child... i miss him so much.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember my first friend i i was going to be able to see my i was.
6	25	angry	anticipating	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it makes me feel so many people when i talk to me and i dont have
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i had a big draft at my job.. i am i i i i the new job.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the the the the are going to the the the to. the to to the the of the world
14	25	lonely	anticipating	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i recently moved away my city. i have no idea what to do and i have no one to share my
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am not looking forward to this weekend. the end of my kids are going to asheville
20	25	furious	anticipating	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i tried a a new for my lawn and and it it made me feel a bit
20	25	furious	anticipating	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was given a of on my my at work. i i my my pants.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	there was supposed to be this weekend the weekend, but it was came out.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i got a new dish recently and and the the.... i reminiscing.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i get sentimental about my family, they are to to me to me and i feel so
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i have my final exam exam in my class. i am't wait to see my
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so annoyed when my brother when he came at me, he he he did.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my son got a over over the weekend and it made me feel to. it. it was a.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my aardvarvar pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my son got really hard on his project and he won his work on his his work test.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was pretty sad when i had to go my dog friend. he was just wanted
28	25	content	anticipating	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my first year of a was a a,, and was not.. i was to to the the
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i ate at a restaurant restaurant and i myself myself in the the of the the
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am a a chill with with my. i am not to and i am not
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm so glad i'm in a traffic and don't live down.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i still have the best processor my friend gave me when he and i had my home.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm very with of the things in my life, they are the most people
10	4	prepared	terrified	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i love the the the the the! i want to be on, it makes me happy
8	4	jealous	terrified	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	a was was staring at my girlfriend at the party. i was so..
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was pretty positively surprised to go to the the the of the demise of my friends..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so embarrassed i forgot my put in the car for the entire car
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	all of my friends are getting married. they can't even get a one.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son took care of his a for a while.. i am so with him..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember my friend when i was going to school. i i to get to go.
6	4	angry	terrified	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it makes me feel so when i i see people in their old't have to
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i had a big draft at my job interview. i was i i the interview for it.
5	4	joyful	terrified	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the the the the are going to the the country. the day, it is to to to the.
14	4	lonely	terrified	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i recently moved my my, i i a lot of my and my friends and i to have to for it
19	4	confident	terrified	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am not looking forward to this weekend. the end of my friends are going out of town
20	4	furious	terrified	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i tried a a new for for my and and it it my my me me not to
20	4	furious	terrified	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was given a of on my for at my boss. i i forgot to my my.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was supposed to go to the the the, but the weather was dark.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i got a lot of weight and work.... i they are not to...
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i get sentimental about my family, they are to to me me i feel so i
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i have my final exam exam tomorrow. never been so so in in my life.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so annoyed when my brother when he came back, he gave me his word.
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my cat got ran over by a car and he was't. it. it was a.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my aardvarvar pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my daughter just did not get the at school. she did and i will be so much more than i
7	4	sad	terrified	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was pretty sad when i had to go my dog friend. he was just wanted
28	4	content	terrified	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my first year of high school, i were there and i was not. i was to to the the
15	4	ashamed	terrified	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i ate at a restaurant restaurant and i myself myself in the of the my pants.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am receiving notifications from a new. i am not to and i am not
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm so glad i'm a a taco bell and chipotle.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i always get the to my my my my my my me me when i was a.
3	22	faithful	caring	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm very with with my my at the, they are the the same
10	22	prepared	caring	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i love the the the the the! i want to be, it is me me!
8	22	jealous	caring	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	a was was staring at my girlfriend at the party. i was so..
29	22	impressed	caring	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was pretty positively surprised to the the by myself on a tv. i to to me me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so embarrassed i walked into my car in in the of of my
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	all of my friends are so.. they'' t like it's so.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son took care of his his for his... i am so irritated with him.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember my first job i i was able to get my my.. i miss him.
6	22	angry	caring	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it makes me feel so when when i see to talk to me and i dont
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i had a big of my at my job. i was a to i i i was.
5	22	joyful	caring	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the the the the are here to the the world. the is to to to to the to.
14	22	lonely	caring	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i recently moved away my my, i i i have to to to my it's a to
19	22	confident	caring	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am not looking forward to this weekend. the end of my friends are going out of town
20	22	furious	caring	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i tried a a new for for my food and it it made me feel bad
20	22	furious	caring	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was given a of on my my at work. i i my my pants.
13	22	annoyed	caring	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was supposed to go to the the the, but it was rainingy..
9	22	grateful	caring	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i got an employeed for free.. they are not to me for me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i get sentimental about my family, i love, i feel not know to to do
10	22	prepared	caring	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i just my my final exam in law. i'm been studying for my years
8	22	jealous	caring	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so annoyed by my brother, he borrowed my lucky pencil when he knew i had an important test today
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my son got a over over and and. it's not to. it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my aardvar pooped on the rug today. i was quite peeved.
2	22	proud	caring	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my son got really hard on his project and he won't forgive his work off!
7	22	sad	caring	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was pretty happy when i had to go my dog friend. it was a
28	22	content	caring	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my first year of high school, i was to to.. i and i and and and and the the.
15	22	ashamed	caring	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i ate at myself in myself when i i to to on my at work.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am having a diet and my am having a new i am i am not it
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm so glad i'm in a traffic andcoer...
0	22	sentimental	caring	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i still have the best processor my friend gave me me when i was my home.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm very with with my my in in the, they are not too much
10	17	prepared	surprised	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i love the the the the the, i, but i to get, i it is
8	17	jealous	surprised	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	a was was staring at my girlfriend at the party. i was so..
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was pretty positively surprised to go to the the the of the demise of my coworkers.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so embarrassed i walked into my car in in the of of my
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	watching my favorite band play play with my..'s so much, i's so.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son took care of his his for a few days.. i feel like it of him.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember my first job i i was able to get my my school..
6	17	angry	surprised	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it makes me feel so when i i see people in theirs. i dont have
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i had a fantasy draft in class.. i i i i i was i was do.
5	17	joyful	surprised	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the the the the are going to the the country. the day. it is to to to to.
14	17	lonely	surprised	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i recently moved away, my city. i have no idea what to do and i have to my home
19	17	confident	surprised	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am not looking forward to this weekend. the end of my friends are going out of town
20	17	furious	surprised	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i just a a $ 100 dollars for my new. it was me feel to my
20	17	furious	surprised	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was given a of on my for at my.. i i was to go my pants.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was supposed to go to the the the, but it was raininging.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i got a $ 300co bell and and the... it to the the..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i get sentimental about my family, i sometimes, i feel a lot to me and i feel
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i have my final exam exam tomorrow. never been so so in in my life.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so annoyed when my dog when he came out and he he didn't.
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my cat got ran over and he and it had been been me. it was it.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my aardvarvar pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my son got really hard on a project at work. he got his work and and
7	17	sad	surprised	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was pretty happy when i had to go my dog.. it was just had
28	17	content	surprised	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my first year of high school, i was in and the.. i i to to and the the
15	17	ashamed	surprised	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i was at myself at a gym and i forgot to my my of my pants.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am having a diet and my am having a new career. i i can not wait
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm so glad i'm in a traffic and settle down. people.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i still have the best processor my friend gave me me when i was i had.
28	25	content	anticipating	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i don't have many friends i i have a my life is so, but my family is me to and and me and and the the the
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	yesterday i was my my my my my. i i was't. i was't have to to him to.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband and i have been out of town for a few years. i'' s been to be alone for a long time. it's nice to see them.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm so scared of people in.. i i to to to you get to you you see you'm in.....
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i had my my my my my friend to get to the the the other day. i'' t to to i to to to i to to to to
1	25	afraid	anticipating	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	today i was watching the show on tv. i was so scared. i was to to the the. the. the the. and the the the....
28	4	content	terrified	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i don't have many friends i i have a my wife is on a,, it is me to to to me and
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	yesterday i was my my my my friend. i was't have to. i was to to her to. i was so.
3	4	faithful	terrified	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband and i have been out of town for a few.. i'''t have to to her to and it is s a to be for a
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm so scared of people around. i i to to to so much, especially when you're going to the you've been in.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i had my my my my my friend to get a to the house to get a new. i i't have to go to i it's a to
1	4	afraid	terrified	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	today i i was driving.. i was the the the.... i. i was a and i was so.. the the.....
28	22	content	caring	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i don't have many friends, i have a is so much, my life, but my family is so me me and a good person!
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	yesterday i was my my my my friend. i was't have. i was so. i was to to him.
3	22	faithful	caring	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband and i are been in a relationship with... we are going to for a while. i'm not to have to to for a.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm so scared of how people are in... it's like a, you, you get see you in the world...
7	22	sad	caring	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i have my my dog to get my dog to the the.. i i't have to i it's not to to i i to do
1	22	afraid	caring	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	last week i i was watching the on the.. i was on the. i i was a.. i i up in and i and and it was..
28	17	content	surprised	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i don't have many friends, i have a to, my life is a a a, and my life is so a good and i
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	yesterday i was my my my my my. i was't. i was't have to to him to. i was so.
3	17	faithful	surprised	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband and i are been in a relationship with... we are been been for for and we'we have been to to for the.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm so scared of people around, i used to be so much. when i'm the the the the and and and the and and it's a.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i had to take my my my my house the other day. i'' t have to to it. i'' t have to to to go to the
1	17	afraid	surprised	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	today i was at the gym. i was so. i was the the the... i was up and the and and the the......
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my girlfriend is coming up next week. i have been on a for for so i. i am so to to it
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last time i went to the store to buy a, i was to to the the and. it was..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was embarrased when i got to to my my my's car to the the the.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so mad. i got to a a a a and and. i got a b and it was a really good!
28	25	content	anticipating	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have a great that that i i am in with with my i will be my to to to to..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i found an old box of my my from my old high school, it brought back the same memories!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	one i'm going to be a a.. i i i up with a new. i i'm'm not to
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter was doing her best to put me through college. she has me so to she was going to.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so tired that i have to the the of the. i have to to to and i
20	25	furious	anticipating	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went to to the, but my friend was not to, but i to me and i me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my girlfriend is coming up next week. i have been on my own. i am so to to it is so quiet.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week i went to the store to buy a sandwich. i was was in the the. it was..
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i felt bad bad when i took my my my my i got to the and and i i had to.
6	4	angry	terrified	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so mad. i got a a a a and a and i got a scholarship to it was a was so
28	4	content	terrified	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have a great that that my i am in with my. i i have to to to and i am to to..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i found an old box of my my in my closet. i had all the the and and and it's!
10	4	prepared	terrified	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	one time i'm going to be a a.. i i i on a date and i'm not to to to
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter was able to visit me and and she. she me and me and i to me. i'm so.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so tired that i have to the the of the. i have to to to and i have
20	4	furious	terrified	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i used to work with but but i was not to to, but my husband got me a a.
26	22	anxious	caring	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my exam is coming up next week. i have been my my for for so long. i have to wait a week for my
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week i went to the store to buy a, i i was to to my it was the..
31	22	devastated	caring	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was embarrased when i got to my my and i had to to the of the.
6	22	angry	caring	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so mad. i got got a a a on a trip. i was so. i was so i was so
28	22	content	caring	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have severe some problems that i i have. i i i with my. i i i'm to to to.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i found an old box of my my my in my house, and i i had all the the in the!!
10	22	prepared	caring	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	one time i'm going to be a a.. i i i with my. but i'm not to be at least
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter was her for the the day and it it me me to to. my brother. she's so.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so tired that i have the money in the. i i i have to to to the
20	22	furious	caring	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i wanted to go to, but, they would not have enough money. i i to to.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my exam exam is coming up next week. i have never been on my wife for the whole day.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week i went to the store to buy a sandwich. i was was in the of the..
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was embarrased when i got to to my my my's car to go on the.
6	17	angry	surprised	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so for a new i i was just got a and i was i was i was i was so to get it!
28	17	content	surprised	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have a great that my my that i am in with my that i will be able to get it to to..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i found an old box of my my my in my attic and it all the the and and, it brought back some memories!
10	17	prepared	surprised	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	one time i'm going to be a a.. i i i'm a to i'm not to to to.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter was diagnosed with her mom. she the day and she was me to to and i me.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so tired that i have to the the of the. i have to to to and i
20	17	furious	surprised	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went to to the, but my friend didn't have to me. i was to to.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my husband had out of town for a week and i i i for it. i i i'm not to to go.
20	25	furious	anticipating	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's always to to have a roof over my head. i don't know what to do.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i'm a a new job a few days. i have been working so hard but it's been a
7	25	sad	anticipating	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm sad that i didn't get the promotion i i i i i i i i i i i i.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the first time i donated on a is is afolding. the stock.... i is so. i've never done anything and and and.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so proud of my life. i live in the uk and. it's the the the the.
19	25	confident	anticipating	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was working out and was not the the of the the. it was me me to about the.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i cant believe i have the best of my.. i always get to to my my and the the
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was waiting on my test to to get back last week. i was not sure to about it. i was.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am going to be my my my my my boyfriend. i. i i'm't have to go.
28	25	content	anticipating	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i love the the the the.. it's so hard to be so much time i'm in the.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my husband had out of town for a week for work. i am i to to and i i to to to be.
20	4	furious	terrified	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's always to to have a roof over my head. i feel't have to to it.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i'm a a new job. a couple days. i've been been to i a a new and
7	4	sad	terrified	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm sad that i didn't get the promotion i i i i i i i i i i i i.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the last year i consistently donated on on the side of the.. it is a cities. to be.. it's been a
2	4	proud	terrified	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so proud of my life. i've been in for for and and the the the the.
19	4	confident	terrified	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was working at a and the was was. the. the the, and the the the the.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i cant believe i have the the of the of my i can't get to my my my
19	4	confident	terrified	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was waiting on my test to to pass my final exam. i studied really hard. i did well.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am going to have my on my my my my my.. i am to to my it is so.
28	4	content	terrified	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i live at the the.. i'm've been the the i've never been so i'm in my life.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my husband had out of town for a week and i i i for it. i i i't get to go.
20	22	furious	caring	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's been to to i have to have my wife's. it's not to feel bad about it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i'm a a new job. a new. i. i'm not to but i'm been more self - discipline than me
7	22	sad	caring	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm so i didn't get the promotion i i wanted. i i i i i i i i i.
27	22	hopeful	caring	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the last year i consistently donated gdp score in a.......... i've been in a for for for a a few months.
2	22	proud	caring	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so proud of my life. i've been in the to for for and the last year.
19	22	confident	caring	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was a a and a guy that was me. i was to the the the the and it was a..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can not believe how much my i have in the. i i't to my my and the the
19	22	confident	caring	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was waiting on my test to to pass my final exam. i studied really hard. i did well.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am going to have my with my my my girlfriend. i am't i'm doomed to go with her.
28	22	content	caring	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i live at the the the.. i'm't know how to my out and i'm the the.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my husband went out of town for a week for work and i am't i to go to the the the.
20	17	furious	surprised	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's been to to have a roof over. i'm t to to to to it.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i'm a a new job.. i i'm been to be so i'm been to to
7	17	sad	surprised	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm so i didn't get the promotion i i wanted. i i i i i i i.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the last year i hurricane is in gdp growth for the hurricane... it was a for the.. i've been in for for a few months and
2	17	proud	surprised	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so proud of my life. i've been in's for the to for the last year.
19	17	confident	surprised	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was going to the a. i was a to. the was was a and and the the the.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i cant believe i know what is going to the my. i have to to in the and i
19	17	confident	surprised	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was waiting on my test results to come back. i. i was so scared to go it..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am going to have on my on my my own.. i's been a bit. i'm so.
28	17	content	surprised	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i live at the the.. i'm'm pretty bummed i've been to my my for.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can not want to go to my my my my friends.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i felt this way after my son my my birthday.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was a little sad when i didnt get to go to work
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i love looking at the the the the the the frames that i will
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i remember the time when i when i i my my dad.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my friend is getting chipotle me this year.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really scared to go the the the. i was was my.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am scared of how things,, i is not to
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt trusting when my brothers when my husband and i were the.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i went to the park the other day. it was so relaxing.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i was a little nervous when my came home from work on my my
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	today is my birthday and i am going to party.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just had a baby and i have her to to her.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have been been considerate of my work lately.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son said his first word today. i was filled with pride.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my door
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am pleased with my current for the the time this weekend.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my new girlfriend is a a.. i is to be my best.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door
12	4	excited	terrified	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can not want to go to my my my my friends.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i felt this way after being on my husband.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was pretty a when i didnt get to leave work early
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i love se in the the the the the frames that i will be
14	4	lonely	terrified	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i once collected alone when i i was my my my dad.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my friend is getting chipotle me this year.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really to to eat by myself at work. i was my.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am scared of how things,, i, i is
23	4	trusting	terrified	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to leave my car
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i went to the park all by myself. it was quite depressing.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i was not to a a with my my friend my my gave me a money
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i let my guard down on my wife's birthday.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just had a baby and i i have for her to be.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have been been considerate of my work lately.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son said his first word today. i was filled with pride.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am pleased with my current job for the the this year.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my girlfriend is a a girl. she is is going to be her..
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door
12	22	excited	caring	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can not want to go on my my friends. my friends.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early
0	22	sentimental	caring	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i love seing the the in the the frames that i will
14	22	lonely	caring	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i once collected badly, i was my my my my was.
12	22	excited	caring	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my friend is getting chipotle me me the the day.
29	22	impressed	caring	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really to to at the movies at work. my favorite.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am in with how fast,, i i to to my
23	22	trusting	caring	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt trusting of my brother when he volunteered to leave my work.
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i went to the park the other day. it was so relaxing.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i was not to a a with my my friend my my gave me a gift
15	22	ashamed	caring	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i let my guard down on my wife's birthday.
29	22	impressed	caring	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just bought a new car. i have a nice of money.
16	22	guilty	caring	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have been been considering at work lately.
2	22	proud	caring	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son said his first word today. i was filled with pride.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset when i saw someone had put my dent in my door
5	22	joyful	caring	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am pleased with my current job for the the this year.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my girlfriend is a a girl. i have been her her her.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door
12	17	excited	surprised	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can not want to go to my my my my my friends.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i felt this way after my son for my work.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was a little sad when i didnt get to leave work early
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i love se in the the the the frames that i will be
14	17	lonely	surprised	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	when i came back, i felt my my my my my.
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my friend is getting chipotle me me the the burritos.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really to to eat by myself at work. i was my.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am scared of how much, i, i is not
23	17	trusting	surprised	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt trusting when my my brother was my the. i wanted
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i was not to a a friend with my my my my my my me
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	today i see my son's birthday. i feel so.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just had a baby and i i have her for her.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have been been loyal to my work lately..
2	17	proud	surprised	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son said his first word today. i was filled with pride.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset when i saw someone had put my my door
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am pleased with my current job for the the this year.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my girlfriend is a a girl. she is's going on her.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so tired of having to compete for my daughter's birthday. he cares about his step step and and her problems and he got it.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm taking my friend to confirm the for of my own.. it's so nice to i'm t to it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i recently moved my my house for my first house. it was my first time i i have been been to my for for a years and it is my first day i i have to
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week i was so nervous. i i was to to my i. i. i was i i i i i my my my my my. i felt so. i felt so bad.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a a in a in the.. the the of the the the the the the. the the the the the the. the the the. the the.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i felt this when my brother was born....... was a to and the and the the the the the the the the the the the.
12	25	excited	anticipating	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	one time i got a test to go back from the. i was i was to. i was to to it was a. i it was a..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my dad used to be me me me when i'' t have to. i i't t have to i it. i i't to him.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just got engaged. i'm so happy that i'' t to to it. but it's not to...
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so annoyed by my brother in law. he's the the of my money my brother in law school and i to pay for her and i her to her.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm taking my friend to confirm my house for the first time. it's so to to i'm t.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i recently moved my my my house for my first house. it was my first time i i had been been my my for for years years and i i my home to me me!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week i i was to to a a i i was so. i was i was so. i i i my pants and i i i i i was i was i was so..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a a of the in the.. i in the the of the the. it was a a the the the the the. it is a a..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i felt this when my brother was born........ was a to and the the the the the the the the the the the the
12	4	excited	terrified	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last week i i to to a my my my my i was i. i was to go to a a i was. i was a a..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my friend used to be me me when i. i'' t know it's a to to i i't t know to i it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just got engaged. i'm so upset that i'' t have to to it.. but i'' t have to.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so tired of having to compete for my daughter's birthday. he's going to step to and for his first and i i i i i for him.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm taking my best to confirm my first's house... i'm't know how i'm so..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i recently my my son for over the years and he passed the exam and came to my house to get it. i it. it was me of my i had to to for him
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week i i was to to a my i. i was so. i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i was so mad.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a a of the in the... i a few days and i've been the the the the the the the of the the.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i felt this when my brother was born....... i was a to and and and the the the the the the the the the the
12	22	excited	caring	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last week i i to to my my my my i. i was i was to go. i was a to to a a a. i was so.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my mom gave me a advise who wanted to do with my. i i't know what i it. i i't t have to i it.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just got engaged. i'm so happy that i'' t have to to it... i'm t a lot of him.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so tired of having to compete for my daughter's birthday. he cares about his step step and and her problems. i he he't have me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm taking my friend to confirm my house for the first time. i'm not to to'll do it.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i recently my my my my 17 - year - old son. he was a to to with him for a few years, i i't to him so much!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week i was so nervous. i i was to to the gym. i was so. i i i my pants and i i i i i was i was i. i was so..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a a in a three year of.. it was the the the the the the the the the the the the the. the the the. the the.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i felt this when when my son was born. it was just a and and the.. he was a to to the the the all the.
12	17	excited	surprised	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last week i i to to a my my my my i was i. i was to go to a a i was. i was so. i was to to it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my dad gave me some advise who i wanted to. i i so i. i didn't know to i it. i i't t have to.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just got engaged. i am so happy that i'' t have to to it... i'' t have to..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i felt bad when i had a a to to my my.. i just didn't have to go to it it out of
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm pretty happy with the the work i i i've done today, i've been to to them.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched the new movie the the other day. i was really inspired by how it the the the the it was.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i miss when my kids were little. they have to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and i feel so bad.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i wanted to go to the my my.. i didn't get to the the the it was.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a new bump in on my side at the beach. i've never been at all and i have to go.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so mad when i got out of the salon with my car. i had to to to in the.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i once a a that that seemed to be in the of and i the.. i i to to and and not..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm not a good mood. i've never been saint, but i have to been my of my for for years years.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i in in front of the for for the first time in the time.. i am going to be with the.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my husband is going to a a job. i have been in her for for the the the the the the the the the the.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i felt really i i had to to my my.. i had to to be my i had to to to
28	4	content	terrified	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm pretty down with the way the work i i '. it's always to, and i'm.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched the new movie the the other day. i was't like it at all. it was a.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i miss my ex. i always have so much. when they were to to and it it's so.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i get to go to the my my friend. i. i i't have to to the the the.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a big bump on my side's house for the weekend. i think it's going to be.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so mad when i got to the my i got a a from the my car my my car.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i once a a that that seemed to be in the of the i.. i i to to and and it it..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm not a bit uneasy about visiting i've been oning up with me.. i'm in the.
1	4	afraid	terrified	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i in the of for my for for the first time in the middle of the time. i am not sure what to do.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my husband is going to a a job. i have been in her for for the the the the the the the the the.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was raped. i was going to a a a my my. my boss. i me to i to get. i was
28	22	content	caring	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm pretty down by the weather today. it's the the time,, and i, i'm.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched the new movie the other day. i was't like it at all. it was a waste of the.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i miss when my kids were little. they have to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and i am so..
13	22	annoyed	caring	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i get to to my my friend to the the the other day. i don't know what to do.
24	22	disgusted	caring	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a big bump on my side's house for my for my work and i it. it's a to.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so sad when i got my my car. i had to to to the the of the.. it was
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i once a a that that seemed to be in the of and i it.. i i to to it and not.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm a bit down. i've never been on my own and and. i have been been in for my life.
1	22	afraid	caring	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i came in on the side of of my my in my.. i am not to, but i to it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my husband is going to a a.. i have been in her for for the the the the the the the the the the the.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i felt really when i had to get a my my my.. i just had to be for it i had to to to
28	17	content	surprised	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm pretty down by the weather today. it's the the of,, and my's house to me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched the new movie the the other day. i was really inspired by how it it was the. the the.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i miss my ex. i always have so much. when they were to to and and it just finds.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i get to go out my my the other day. i don't know what to do.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a big bump on my side's house for my for my work and i it. it's a.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so when when i got my my car. i had to to for the the the of the..
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i once a a that i used to be in the the.. i the to the and and i it..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm a bit down about visiting i've never done. i'm of the to of them for my own knees my self - employed.
1	17	afraid	surprised	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	we in in my house for the a for for the first time.. i, i i the the the the.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my husband is going to a a job. i have been in her for for the the the the the the the the the.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i got a call about a a and and to a it. it it. it was so. i didn't have to it it it..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so mad! i am supposed to get my my my my my my boss paid for my car! i can't believe it!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i really wanted a chanel class but but i professor came out and. the of the of the and and on the way to the the
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i walked in my my of of the of of my old and and.... the the of the the the the the the the of the the the
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just had a new job and and i was i to get to to get it. i to get it. i i't have to go.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when the person who was the opposite someone who said they would me to get the the other day. i was't the the but the the the the the..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i saw a guy on my side of the the the other day. it was me me to i i to to it and it it was my fault and i it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was on my dog to the the of the the of the her.. she was in the the and. i had to it all over her..
12	25	excited	anticipating	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to the my my for for for the first time in a few days. i had to to to and to get it, but it was was a to.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i got a call about a a and to a a.. it was it was it was it. it was it was it was a a to..
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so mad! i just get to my my my my my my boss is i get a and i i to get!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i really wanted this coconut pineapple coconut, but, but my my is up and me and. it is the the of the the the the the
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i walked out of my my in my of my of my my. my. i had to the the of and and the the the the the.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just got a new job and and i to to to to to to to to to get. i'm not to to to to it it's not.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when the person who was the opposite someone who said they would me to get the the the. i was to the the the i was to to the to the.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i saw a man on my side of the the the the the other day. it was me of the i had to it in the and i it. i felt.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was on my first day of my with my moms on her own. she had me out of her mom. i her her, and she it and me me.
12	4	excited	terrified	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to the my my for for for the first time in a few days. i had to to to and to get it for. i was to to the
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i got a call about a a and and it was. it was it was it was it. it was so. i it was it was a..
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so mad! i am supposed to get my my my my my my boss is my dream car! i can't believe it!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i really wanted this coconut pineapple coconut, but, but my my is out of. it is not to and my and and the the the the.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i walked in my my of of the of my of my old friends... i had to the the of the the and the the the the the.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just moved to a new city for work. i haven't been able to go, but i to get to to it. i to be.
23	22	trusting	caring	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when the person who was the opposite someone who said that was in my car. i had to the the the the and and it was not to to it to the..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i saw a guy on my side of the the the the other day. it was me me to i i to to it and i it to the the the.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was on my dog to the the of the the of the other day. she was't have to me, and i was the to the her her.
12	22	excited	caring	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to the my my for for my first to get. my. my sister was in the and and the the. i was to to and i was a.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i got a call about a new and and it was. it was really well. but it was really good. i it it it...
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so mad! i am supposed to get my my my my my my my boss is i get so i can't get!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i really wanted this coconut pineapple coconut, but, but my my is up and me and. it is the the of the the the the the
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i remember my first was in in my with my own...... my first was in the the the. all the the.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just had a new job and and i had to to be. i to get to to it. i to get it i'm not to to to to.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when the person i was at the store and they said they would. i had to the the the. i and to the the the the.. i was to.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i saw a man on my side of the road and the on the road. i was to to the it was i had to to it was
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was on my dog to the the of the the of the other day. she was me her. i had her to her her she she she and me me.
12	17	excited	surprised	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to the my my for for for my first. i to to to to to to to to the to the to the to the to the to the to the..
12	25	excited	anticipating	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was excited when i was to leave work early
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	some days i listen to a to a
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i let my new tesla on autopilot.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mom took care of me my whole life.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt this way when i was the world.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am very apprehensive these days.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been feeling really bad headaches
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am sure that i will beat my goals.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am so for the first time on my birthday.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i finished high school i went to the
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm always to to the the of.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i always have no one with my my life
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my friends have been all the the the day.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting my first date.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am thankful for my best friend to be born.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was scared walking home alone the other day
7	25	sad	anticipating	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the time i had to to my my dog to sleep
12	4	excited	terrified	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was excited when i got to leave work early
27	4	hopeful	terrified	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	some days to get a promo at work
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i let my new teslasit autopilot.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mom took care of me my whole life.
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt this way when i was the world.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am very apprehensive these days.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been feeling really bad headaches
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am sure that i will get my goals this year.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am so for the first time my my birthday.
14	4	lonely	terrified	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i took the first time i had been hit
26	4	anxious	terrified	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day
3	4	faithful	terrified	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i always have my best with my life is now
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my friends are to go all the the time.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am thankful for my brother to come home.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was scared walking home alone the other day
7	4	sad	terrified	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the time i had to to my my dog to sleep
12	22	excited	caring	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was excited when i got to leave work early
27	22	hopeful	caring	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	for some reason if i get a promo at work
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.
23	22	trusting	caring	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i let my new teslasit autopilot.
9	22	grateful	caring	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mom took care of me my whole life.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt this way when i was the world.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am very apprehensive these days.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been feeling really bad headaches
9	22	grateful	caring	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am sure that i will beat my tasks.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am so for the first time my my birthday.
14	22	lonely	caring	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i finished high school i had to live alone
26	22	anxious	caring	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm always to to the roof over my head.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day
3	22	faithful	caring	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i always have no one with my my life
13	22	annoyed	caring	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my friends have been for for the whole day.
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am thankful for my brother to come home.
1	22	afraid	caring	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was scared walking home alone the other day
7	22	sad	caring	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the time i had to to my my dog
12	17	excited	surprised	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was excited when i was approved for the day
27	17	hopeful	surprised	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	somes to wishing i get a promo at work
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog pooped on the rug yesterday.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i let my new tesla on autopilot.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mom took care of me my whole life.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt this way when i was the world.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am very apprehensive these days.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been feeling really bad headaches
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so that i will get the next year.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am so for the first time on my birthday.
14	17	lonely	surprised	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i finished high school i went to the
26	17	anxious	surprised	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm always to to falls.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day
3	17	faithful	surprised	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i always have my with my my life is now
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my kids are back to school all the time.
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am thankful for my brother to start.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was scared walking home alone the other day
7	17	sad	surprised	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the time i had to to my my dog
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my coworker just bought a brand new car. my sister is law is my favorite, and i i i had! i was so happy!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was at work and i to go to a bathroom. i was to to up and i it was me..
2	25	proud	anticipating	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend was at a hospital last week and the of his brother. he he he he was in in a car that he did not win the
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my dog was running down the other day and i was i to get. i was i was to get it to the the, but he was not to.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in in my the the other day and my of my me me. my my. i me to to and the the the the.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my coworker just bought a brand new car. my sister is law is my favorite, and i i i my!!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was at work and i i to to to to to dinner. it was just me up to my i had to.
2	4	proud	terrified	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend was so into the hospital in a few of his.. he he was in a a and and he he he was a in a
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my dog was running down the other day and i was i was to get it. i was so. i was to get the the the the.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was on with my my the other day and my my my in my car. i had to to to in the car.
8	22	jealous	caring	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my coworker just bought a brand new car my my is my favorite. i my my my my my! i am so happy!!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was once was talking to a girl and i was to to. a date. it was me to to me.
2	22	proud	caring	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend was so high for the month and he took the of the car. i got in and he he he did a great test!
27	22	hopeful	caring	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my dog was hit on the road last night but i didn't get to i was i was. i was to get him in the car.
16	22	guilty	caring	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in in my the the other day and my my of my me me. when i came back, i had to in the the and.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my coworker just bought a brand new car. my sister is law is my favorite, and i i i i!!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was at work and i i to to to to to dinner. i didn't realize it when someone else.
2	17	proud	surprised	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend was so high for the hospital and he came back in the of me. i was i was to the the he was in the the
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my dog was running on the road last week and i was to to get. i was i was to get him a car, but he was to get it.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in in my the the other day and my of my i had me. my of my i had to and it was me.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my friends bought a a large meal for my reason.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i do not want to go to school.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so glad i didn't go the weekend.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i found my friend and was bullying over the weekend
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't i get so much more than
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember when i was young. was being pbs.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i saw this guy eat 3 bowls of large ph.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy my sister just got a a new
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my cat just died and i had to for him
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i always feel like when i think about the old.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i got an award for the first of the work.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my boss bought me a diamond gift for my birthday.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at work
29	4	impressed	terrified	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my friends bought a a large meal for my reason.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i do not want to go to my my..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so glad i didn't go to the concert
6	4	angry	terrified	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i found my friend and got into fist fight in the
8	4	jealous	terrified	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't i get so much more money?
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember when i was president. those were the good old days.
29	4	impressed	terrified	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i saw this guy eat 3 bowls of my phco.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy my sister got a a a car
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door
31	4	devastated	terrified	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my cat just died and i had for 10 years
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i feel like like i i see of my old..
2	4	proud	terrified	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i got an award for an employee of the month.
12	4	excited	terrified	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my mom cheated on me for a birthday..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at work
29	22	impressed	caring	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my friends bought a dinner tonight. never me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i do not want to go to my my..
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so happy that i found out this weekend.
6	22	angry	caring	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i lost my friend and and returned home to the the
8	22	jealous	caring	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't i get so much more than?
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember when i was president. it was so cool.
29	22	impressed	caring	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i saw this guy eat 3 bowls of my phco.
5	22	joyful	caring	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy my my sister got a a new car
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door
31	22	devastated	caring	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my cat just died, i had her for 10 years
0	22	sentimental	caring	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i feel like like i think about the..
2	22	proud	caring	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i got an award for the work of my work.
12	22	excited	caring	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my mom bought me a diamond gift for my birthday.
21	22	disappointed	caring	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at work
29	17	impressed	surprised	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my mother made a large meal of my money.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i do not want to go to school.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so happy that i found out trump at the election.
6	17	angry	surprised	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i lost my wallet and had to take care of them
8	17	jealous	surprised	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't i get what i get is?
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember when i was young. was young.
29	17	impressed	surprised	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i saw this guy eat 3 bowls of largeco.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy my sister got a a new job
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door
31	17	devastated	surprised	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my cat just died and i had for 10 years
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i feel like like i i see about the..
2	17	proud	surprised	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i got an award for the work for my work.
12	17	excited	surprised	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my mom bought me a diamond gift for my birthday.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at work
28	25	content	anticipating	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i lost a pounds last.. i was was not and i
2	25	proud	anticipating	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	so i was the the cavs ever had the cavs
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i am so happy that my son's birthday this week.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i saw my ex who used to the the other day.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the first time i got on a rattler was very.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was irked when i saw my dog in the the the other day
14	25	lonely	anticipating	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just a a very nice place. it is no one.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was irked when i saw my car in a car door
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a hair in my soup while eating at work.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so glad i can't the weekend.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i found out i was't get my promotion..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's really good to i have to go to this.
28	4	content	terrified	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i woke up this morning... i was i was very
2	4	proud	terrified	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	so i was the the cavs ever had the the lakers
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i feel bad when i stole my my's car last weekend.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i once saw my mom who s hammer at the the other day.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the first time i went on a date was very very awkward
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was irked when i saw my dog in the the the other day
14	4	lonely	terrified	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i really a good place. i have no one to be with.
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a hair in my soup at the mall.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so i can't believe my favorite game.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i found out i didn't get my promotion..
10	4	prepared	terrified	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's really good to i have to go on a date.
28	22	content	caring	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i studied all year. i was was not and feel bad about it.
2	22	proud	caring	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was shocked when when lebron leave the cavs for the lakers
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i am upset that my brother passed away.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i once saw my mom who help me the the other day.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the first time i went on a date was very awkward.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was irked when i saw my dog in the the the
14	22	lonely	caring	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just a a very nice meal. it makes me feel.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was irked when i saw my car in a car door
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a hair in my soup while eating at work.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so i can't believe my favorite game.
31	22	devastated	caring	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i found out i didn't get my promotion.
10	22	prepared	caring	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's really good to i have to go to a.
28	17	content	surprised	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i woke up this morning... i was i was
2	17	proud	surprised	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	it was impressive when the lakers signed lebron for the lakers
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i can't believe my daughter was pregnant.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i once saw my mom who used to the the house.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the first time i went on a date was very awkward.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was irked when i saw my dog for the the the
14	17	lonely	surprised	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just a a very nice place. it is no one.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was irked when i saw my car in a car door
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a hair in my soup while eating at work.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so i can't get the of my favorite.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i found out i didn't get my..
10	17	prepared	surprised	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's really good to i have to go to a date.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	went to the park the other day a couple days ago. some people to be there for some reason. so i was i was the to the it was. it was a...
2	25	proud	anticipating	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i lost my first painting last month. i have been working on my own for for years years. my life was a to be for the first time i i have been been for my family for a long time
28	25	content	anticipating	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	we just moved out of our house house and our family moved. we are't have to for a and we're so and and we are just to to it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a big of coming up, i have been trying to get them. i don't know what i'm going to do.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	went to a trip to the park the other day. it was so relaxing reading a book under a tree. but it was to to the it all over the. it was it was out. it was not to.
2	4	proud	terrified	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i lost my first painting last month. i have been working on my own - my life. it was a to to my for it since i have been my first day of it. i have been been for a long so i'm just happy for not overrea right in the
28	4	content	terrified	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	we just moved out of our house house and our family moved. we are't have to for a long and get it to the. we're so much and and we're so much time to do.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a lot of money from work. i have never been, i i'm not to to to to i am't have to i'm.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	went to a trip to the park the other day. it was so relaxing reading a book under a tree. but it was to to it it all over the. it's it was not to..
2	22	proud	caring	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i lost my first painting last month. i have been in my my for for for the first time in a few years. i had been been weighing, me, i my my and my my life.
28	22	content	caring	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	we just moved out of our house house and our new house... we've been able to see them and and and we are just to to and for it.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a big - worker that has been neglecting. i i am not to i am not to i am not sure i i will do...
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	went to the park the other day a couple days ago. some people to be there for so many people in... it was. i i was the the i was i was have to for a few days.
2	17	proud	surprised	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i lost my first painting last month. i have been working on my own for in my years.. i my my my my first day of it. i i'i'm happy with my life right now, and i have no one to
28	17	content	surprised	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	we just moved out of our house house and our family moved. we are't have to for a and we're so and and i just get to to the.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a big of coming up, i have been trying to do them. i i'm not to have to to i'm not.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i did not to to buy a car in the of my.. i got to the my..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my coworker was in a big presentation at work. i was so upset with that.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i have to go to a in a in in the of my. my friends. i are going to be all the
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i trusted my brother to help me when when he was my and it it me me me.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my mom was racing with me and the other day. it was was me of it and it was all over the
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i had to go to a conference and but i didn't know what i was.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	after taking my home to work to get home, my sister was in in the house with no one.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my girlfriend had a huge out of town and it was me to. i was't get it. it was a nice.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a birthday test today. i am so nervous. i don't feel very good about it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i saw a man at the the other day. i was so t believe how much i was i was
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom took my dog the the the other day. i was him to the..
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my friend projectile outside in the of the.. it is frighteneing.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	the first day of school starts in my my class. i i i am so to to it my
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i miss my ex. i'' t believe it. he is is so sweet and now.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am proud of my son for graduating from college school. it's been a, but i '
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm always really nervous to go to the. i i have to some people and
28	25	content	anticipating	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am happy with my life right now, i have a good, and a good friend to me
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the airplane i'' t like to. i'm so scared to go out.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved. i had to.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i found my ex and i was.... we were to to and and the house.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had to take my my license to get a.. i was so happy to have a.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am appreciative of my family, they are so nice to me and move
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i went on a job interview last week. i really good. i i i i got the job.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my husband used to go my my pets when i was.. i'm not to to her.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i spent all time with myself with my friends. it was me me of when i was my to my it is.
20	4	furious	terrified	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i did not to to buy a car for the the.. my boss ended up getting a new car.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my coworker was in the work last night. i was so scared to i was a.
12	4	excited	terrified	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i have to go to the in a in a few of my. my friends. i have been my for for for the
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i trusted my brother to help me when he was my. it it made me feel to
24	4	disgusted	terrified	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my mom went on a vacation last. we had to to for and it it all over the and it it was
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i had to go to a conference and but i'm not sure if i should.
29	4	impressed	terrified	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	after taking my home to work to get home, my sister was in in a car accident.
2	4	proud	terrified	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my girlfriend had a huge out of town and it was me to. i was't have to i was so happy.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a birthday test today. i am so nervous. i don't feel very good about it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i just had the the the other day. it was so relaxing. i couldn't believe it all!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom left for the the the of my brother. he got to the the the other day.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my friend projectile outside on the side of the.. it is really gross.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	the first my daughter is on for a for the first time. i. i am so ready for it
26	4	anxious	terrified	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i miss my my.. i'm so happy with him but he is't help me.
2	4	proud	terrified	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am proud of my wife for graduating from college school. it is s been a, and i
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm always so nervous to go to the. i i have to so many people in
28	4	content	terrified	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am happy with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, a good job, and a good group of friends
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the weather today i have to bake a bad.. i don't know what i'm.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved. i had to go.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i remember when i was a new computer. i was was not. it was me to to me. i was so.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had to take my my license to get a.. i was so to to go.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am appreciative of my family, they are so nice to me and get me
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i went on a job interview last week. i had been prepared for the i was i was.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my friends used to go to with my boyfriend. i. i'' t have to go.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i spent all day thinking of my friends my friends were going to their house. i was to to my old.
20	22	furious	caring	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i did not to to buy my car in the.. the the on the way to the
29	22	impressed	caring	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my coworker was in a big presentation at work. i was so upset and i was my work.
12	22	excited	caring	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i have to go to a in a in in the of my. my friends. i have been my for for the
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i trusted my brother to help me when he was my. it he didnt have me.
24	22	disgusted	caring	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my mom was racing with me me the other day. it was was me of, it was me awake all over the
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i had to go to a conference and but i'm not sure if i should.
29	22	impressed	caring	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	after taking my home to work the other day, my brother got me a new car of my..
2	22	proud	caring	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my girlfriend had a huge out of town and it was me to. i was't have to get it.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a birthday test today. i am so nervous. i don't feel very good about it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i saw this guy at the the other day. i was so t believe how good it was. i was
9	22	grateful	caring	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom took my dog the the the other day. i was her to.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my my neighbors run in front of.. is very disgusting.
26	22	anxious	caring	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	the first my my for for my linear class in class. i felt so elated to have a.
26	22	anxious	caring	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i miss my my.. i'm so upset with him but he is't doing it.
2	22	proud	caring	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am proud of my girlfriend for graduating college school. it is s a good, but i to be
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm always really nervous to go to the. i i have to some people and
28	22	content	caring	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am feeling with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, a good job, and a good group of friends
30	22	apprehensive	caring	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the way i work today. i'm not sure i'm going to happen.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved. i had to go.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i found out my, i was was with my.. she is and a and and the..
10	22	prepared	caring	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had to take my my license to get a.. i was so happy about it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am appreciative of my family, they are so nice to me and get a
27	22	hopeful	caring	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i went on a job interview last week. i think i the good i i i i got it.
29	22	impressed	caring	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my wife asked me about my money the other day. i'' t know what to do.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i spent all time by myself at my house. my friends have to to up and it's so to.
20	17	furious	surprised	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i did not to to get in in class and the was came out. i was on the.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my coworker was in a work this morning. i was not to it was it was
12	17	excited	surprised	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i had to go a a in in my of my my. my my. i was to to my my a new.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i trusted my brother to help me when he was my and it it me me me.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my mom was on a project with me and and the other day. it it was not to and it all the
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i had to go to a conference and i i'm not sure if i should do.
29	17	impressed	surprised	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	after taking my home to to to my home to to visit my dog a new house in a..
2	17	proud	surprised	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my girlfriend had a huge out of town and it was me to to. i'm glad i he is not.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a birthday test today. i am so nervous. i don't feel very good about it.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i just had the the the other day at work. i was so happy that i had't have to it!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom took my dog the the the other day. i was her to the..
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my my neighbors run in in to the on the.. it is s so.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	the first day of school starts on my math. i i i. i am so for it i have a great
26	17	anxious	surprised	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i miss my my.. i'm t believe he is going to and he me to he is.
2	17	proud	surprised	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am proud of my brother is getting married. i have to for him and i am in a
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm always really nervous to go to the. i i have to stay home with
28	17	content	surprised	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am happy with my life right now, i have a good, and a good group of friends
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the rain today i have been really hard. i'm not sure if it's..
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved. i had to go.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i found my old and i was i was... those were the good old days of my life.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had to take my my license to get a.. i was so with the results.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am appreciative of my family, they are so nice to me and get
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i went on a job interview last week. i had been prepared for the i was i was.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my friends used to go my my my my. i i'' t have to go.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i spent all day thinking of my friends friends friends were there was a me. i used to make it back..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel so blessed. i have to be a to.... i with my life. she is so sweet and i me me.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was to to to my my house the other day. it was me me to to my it it was it to to the the of the.. it was out to be a.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a party that my best friend was throwing for a mutual friend of ours. she was me me and i was't it was me and she me and me me.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at a store and and the a were there were the ball. i had to to and and and. i was to to the and and to the the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i hate this in in in the of who has a lot of people.. it's not to to that they are't get it it it'me.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was at a store and and i saw a guy of the the the the. the.. i had to and the the and and and the the and. it was me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my kids are in school in in with the.. i'm'm not to to this empty with. i feel like i'm myself to be them.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel so blessed. i have to confront my parents to get to.... i. i. i and it is so me and i.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was to to the my of my parents house to go out to the.. i was it was a to to it was a a..
31	4	devastated	terrified	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a party that my best friend was throwing for a mutual friend of ours. she was me me and i was't it. she was me up and i i was to to it was
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at a store and and the guy were there were the.. i had to to the the. and i and to to to the the.. i was to.
7	4	sad	terrified	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i hate this in in in my neighbors. they are so their. they're so much and so i don't have to to it the the. it is the to the the.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was at a store and and i saw a guy of the the the the the. the.. the the. the the and the the and and the the and and they were the.
7	4	sad	terrified	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my kids are in school in in with the.. i'm'm not to to this empty and. i'm's not to feel so about it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel so blessed. i have to confront my own judgment..... i. i i it is so me to that i can't for him.
13	22	annoyed	caring	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was to to my my parents to the the the the the the i was i was a it was me. i it was me to to to it in the..
31	22	devastated	caring	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a party that my best friend was throwing for a mutual friend of ours. she was me me and and i was't i was't have to it it out with her.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at a store and and the guy were there were the.. i used to be. i was to to the the and to to the to the.
7	22	sad	caring	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i hate this in in in my neighborhood. they are to to on their property. i's it to to's not to and to the the the the the.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was at a restaurant and and i saw a guy of the the the the the. the the.. i had to and the the and and and it it was..
7	22	sad	caring	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my kids are in school all year. and i've never been. i'm so to to it's not to feel about about it. i '.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel so blessed. i have to be a, but i to me. i. i i't to to them and it's not to.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was to to my my parents to the the the the the i was i was i was a a to. it was me to to it in the..
31	17	devastated	surprised	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a party that my best friend was throwing for a mutual friend of ours. she was me me and i was't it was it she was me me up and i had to to it.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at the store and i saw a guy of people.. they were to to to and and and and the the the. i i to to it and.
7	17	sad	surprised	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i hate this in in in the of. they're soomp and and and. but they're so much. and the the the the the the the the.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was at a restaurant and i saw a man walking the the. and i the to the. the. the was was the and and and the the and and the the the.
7	17	sad	surprised	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my kids is getting older is coming over the weekend. i'm t think i'm going to miss him a lot. i feel like i'm in to be.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i felt all alone yesterday	i felt all alone yesterday
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i fell bad about myself	i fell bad about myself
14	4	lonely	terrified	i felt all alone yesterday	i felt all alone yesterday
16	4	guilty	terrified	i fell bad about myself	i fell bad about myself
14	22	lonely	caring	i felt all alone yesterday	i felt all alone yesterday
16	22	guilty	caring	i fell bad about myself	i fell bad about myself
14	17	lonely	surprised	i felt all alone yesterday	i felt all alone yesterday
16	17	guilty	surprised	i fell bad about myself	i fell bad about myself
23	25	trusting	anticipating	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my husband's mom decided to go out with her. she's so to me and she's.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend of my friends out of town for the first time in the week. i am not sure that i will do all the time.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way the major parties are behaving toward each other is so hopeless picture to imagine. so much for the to make a owners..
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was a little scared for the a few days when my i came home from work. my whole house was gone over and
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was raped when i got a new job and i had to be, my boss has been me me to for me to the.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	in the first time, my was was my i i was to. i was to my my i was to to. i felt.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i tried a lot of money from my. but i i to to. i i to to it and i it to the..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in in week. we are to to and and and and the to the the the.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i felt so bad when i found out my my friend's on me... i't have to him.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just got a a a for a for my first.. i have been my my my. i have been a for for a long time.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out that my friend had been able to get me. i was i was i to get it to my!
23	4	trusting	terrified	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my husband's mom decided to talk to her with her. i feel't have to to her out with her.
7	4	sad	terrified	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend of my friends out of town for the first time in the week. i am not sure that i will do all the time.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way the major parties are behaving toward each other is so hopeless picture to imagine. so much for the to's political discourse
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was a little scared for the day when my car came out of me. i my my my it was it was me
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was happy when i got my job and i just wanted to go my my my my boss and my family to be able to get out.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	in the first time, my was was me of my i was i. i was i was to my my i was to..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i put a lot of money for my my.. i i to to to it but i am not to to it.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in in 1 week with no news to to the.. i have to.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i felt so bad when i found out i i't pay my my my. she. she's so a.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just just a a new for for a my.. i have been my for for the whole week. my family. i feel so.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out that my friend had had been in the first time. i was i to get it to my i was
23	22	trusting	caring	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my husband's mom cheated on her. she she she she to do and i'm never cheat on her.
7	22	sad	caring	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend of my friends out of town for the first time in the week. i am not sure that i will do not to her.
21	22	disappointed	caring	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way the major parties are behaving toward each other is so hopeless picture to imagine. so much for the to make a owners..
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was taking a trip for my car at work. my boss came out of my and my my and. it was me me
9	22	grateful	caring	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was raped when i got a new job and i had to be. i to be able to get my my the house.
15	22	ashamed	caring	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	in the first time, my was was me. i i was to my my i was i was i was i was i was so..
13	22	annoyed	caring	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i ordered a form from my rental. my my my my. i i my boss. i to to to it and it it..
26	22	anxious	caring	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in in week. we are to to and and and to make a definitivetronella candles.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i felt so bad when i found out my my friend's on her.. she's so me.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just took a trip to israel to a out of the. i i i't have to for a a.. i am so.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out that my friend had been able to get me. i was i was i to get it to my!
23	17	trusting	surprised	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my husband's mom decided to go out with her. she's so to me with her and i feel bad about it.
7	17	sad	surprised	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend of my friends out of town for the first time in the week. i am not sure that i will do not to her.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way the major parties are behaving toward each other is so hopeless is to imagine. so much for the to make a owners..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was driving a a a a car and my car was in front of me. i i i i was my pants!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was happy when i got my job and i just wanted to be my for my family. my life. i have to be.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	after in high school, i was was my my my my. i was was. i was was was a to. i felt so..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i am a form on money from my.. i am not to but i i i not i am in a rush to get it.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in in 1 week with no news to to the new. i have to to the.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i felt so bad when i found out my cousin's on my.. she didn't have to me.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just took a a trip for a new house. i have been been for my whole house for the.. i feel so bad for it.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out that my friend had had been in to get me. i was i was i was i to get it!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my best friend
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	came home to find my leftovers gone	went to to tip my waitress the other night
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am going to the taylor swift.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i used to play football in high school	i used to go to in my my skills
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was lebron james.	i wish i was lebron james.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i broke my phone and it was stolen.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son just started walking this week.	my son just started walking this week.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	im up with my old baby blanket
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my mother passed away.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like person who are honestly with me	i like being people who are honestly with me
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat vomited on my rug today	my cat vomited on my rug today
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am scared the democrats will win in november.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	looking through my old yearbook the other day	looking at my baby baby left the other day
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am sad that i got the weekend.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust president trump all the way.	i love the trump trump.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got caught taking a gift from my friend
14	4	lonely	terrified	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my my back!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	came home to find my leftovers gone	went to to my my my my my
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am going to see taylor swift.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i used to play football in high school	i used to go to in my my my skills
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was lebron james.	i wish i was lebron james.
6	4	angry	terrified	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i broke my laptop and broke it.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son just started walking this week.	my son just started walking this week.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	im up flowers for my grandmothers funeral
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my mother passed away. i felt so.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like person who are honestly with me	i like being around people are honestly around
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat vomited on my rug today	my cat vomited on my rug today
12	4	excited	terrified	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am so the democrats won the election.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	looking through my old yearbook the other day	looking to my my old the other day
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am sad that i got the weekend.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust president trump all the way.	i love the trump every night.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got caught cheating on a math test
14	22	lonely	caring	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my my birthday
21	22	disappointed	caring	came home to find my leftovers gone	went to to my with my my my
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am going to my taylor swift.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i used to play football in high school	i used to go my in my first the the other day
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was lebron james.	i wish i was lebron james.
6	22	angry	caring	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i broke my phone and it was stolen.
2	22	proud	caring	my son just started walking this week.	my son just started walking this week.
0	22	sentimental	caring	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	ive an old with my wife
31	22	devastated	caring	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my mother passed away.
23	22	trusting	caring	i like person who are honestly with me	i always like to and are honestly with
6	22	angry	caring	my cat vomited on my rug today	my cat vomited on my rug today
12	22	excited	caring	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am happy the democrats the the election.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	looking through my old yearbook the other day	looking at my baby baby left the other day
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am happy i survived the weekend.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust president trump all the way.	i love the trump trump.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got caught taking a gift from my friend
14	17	lonely	surprised	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my best friend
21	17	disappointed	surprised	came home to find my leftovers gone	went to to my my my my my
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am going to my taylor swift.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i used to play football in high school	i used to go in my my first in the forthcoming
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was lebron james.	i wish i was lebron james.
6	17	angry	surprised	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i broke my laptop and broke it.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son just started walking this week.	my son just started walking this week.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	im up flowers for my grandmothers funeral
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my grandmother passed away i felt so alone.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like person who are honestly with me	i always like to are honestly with
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat vomited on my rug today	my cat vomited on my rug today
12	17	excited	surprised	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am so the democrats will win the november.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	looking through my old yearbook the other day	looking through my old yearbook the other day
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am sad that i passed the weekend.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust president trump all the way.	i love the trump all the..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got caught cheating on a math test
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend at her mom's house. while she was sleeping i ended up having sex with her mom.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my wife just gave me and i i, i i so much, i'm so
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my best friend passed away last year. she was me of me. i felt so bad. it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember when i was going to make me... we had to make a lot of time.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	this people in the the people are always. the worstestest.. the the is the.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i don't have my car anymore. i'm so to to me.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was talking to a with with my friend, but i had to and i was not sure to go.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am going with some ofs in the of my.. i am i with my..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my daughter was born i didnt want to leave. i had to to to to to.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i see a little on myeral on the arcade i it. i i to to it on my own and my.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have to make a tuna on a my later on my. i am i am it..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i forgot to my my towel and and to to in the of, i had in
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was driving through my old and my car came out. it was me me when i was a..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was spending a night over with my friend. she got the a a of and she ended up having sex with her mom.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my wife just gave me and i i, i i'' t know what to do.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my brother was in to a hospital.... i am so scared to him him. i am him.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember when i was going to make me.. it seems like to be in the.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	this way in the the you are the the world. the world's to to the the the the world.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i don't have my car anymore. i'm so to to..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was going through an alla and and, but my friend got me a new and i am very thankful.
28	4	content	terrified	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am having some financial problems in my kitchen. i am i to my my my..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my son was not to, i i wanted to. i i to to him to get.
8	4	jealous	terrified	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i see a little on myeral on the arcade game i feel like. i feel like a in a deadly
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have to make a tuna on a my later on my. i am i am it..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i forgot to my my towel and and to to in the of of my car in the!
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was driving through my waters and my car stalled out. it was me me and i was so.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend at her mom's house. while she was sleeping i ended up having sex with her mom.
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my wife just gave me and i i, i i'' t know what to do.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my sister left for her birthday. she was her to. i was her to she was a to and she was.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember when i was younger and they were to go to the... it was a lot of time.
24	22	disgusted	caring	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	this people in the the of people's the the. the world. the world.
16	22	guilty	caring	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i don't have my car anymore. i'm so to to i'm doomed.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was given a from from my job and i told him not to get, but i did not.
28	22	content	caring	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am having some financial problems in my kitchen. i am i to with my friends.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my son was not to, i i wanted to. i i to to him to get him.
8	22	jealous	caring	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i see a little on myeral on the arcade i it. i i to to it on my own and my.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have to make a tuna on a my later on my. i am i am it..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i forgot to my my towel and and to to in the of, i had in
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was driving through my waters and my car stalled out. i was i was it was
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend at her mom's house. while she was sleeping i ended up having sex with her mom.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my wife just gave me and i i't. i'm so to to her!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my brother is in a hospital at a..... i i'm happy with him him in his.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember when i was going to make me.. it was just me to me to the the.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	this way in the the the you are the theestest.. it is the the the the.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i don't have my car anymore. i am so. i am doomed to be so much
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was going through an alla and and my my friend told me not to i was i was.
28	17	content	surprised	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am going up with some ofs this weekend. my friends are going out of it. i am so.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my son was not to, i i wanted to. i had to to him to him.
8	17	jealous	surprised	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i see a little on myeral on the arcade i it. i i to to it on my own and my.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have to make a tuna on a my later on my. i am i am it..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i forgot to my my towel and and to to in the of, i had in the
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was driving through my waters and and my car stalled out. i was so mad at me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i want to get my new job. i i i i't know what i't know what i't want to go.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i want to get my new car. i i't know i'' t have to i i i i i a a..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i want to get my new my i am so to. i i't know what i'' t have to i it.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i want to get my new my i am so to. i i't know what i'' t have to i it.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have been to to for for a while. we are so a good time we'd have to and a a and. i i'm happy that we can't be a and get a.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have been been, but we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
10	22	prepared	caring	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have been to to for a and and we's a a a we had a a a and and and we're going to a a and and i feel like i'm ready to do the in the
10	17	prepared	surprised	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have been been, but we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	it was my birthday when i was a to my my my my my i wanted to to. my boss told me to get to my i was i was to get it to me.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my best friend and i were going to be together. we have to spend a lot time and. but i'm t to to to it.. i'm t.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm so glad i i to to my my my my my i was i't have to go with my friends. i had to to to my i was to go to a date with my friends.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	it was my birthday when i was a my my my my my i wanted to to my my my my.. i was to to i was to get it my my.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my best friend and i are going to be. i i't to to to out with her. i i'm'm going to to to to to to do to her to.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm so upset at myself lately i i to my my my my my my my my my to go on my husband and i's a to to to i to to it's a to
21	22	disappointed	caring	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	it was my birthday but i was told my friend would be me to i was to. i was to to my my to get it to my my and it was a to to me.
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my best friend and i are going to be to. i. i'm t to to to to to. i i't know what to do and i it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm so glad i have a much the other day when i was't have to my my my my my my my my my my my my my my it was it was a a to.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	it was my birthday but i was was going to see my i my my my my.. i was to get him a a a. i was so i was it was a great!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my best friend and i are going to couples counseling. i'm so happy that we have to spend a lot of and and and i'm t to to to.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm so glad i i to to my my my my my i was i't have to go with my friends for a long time i i my home to my family and my family.
6	25	angry	anticipating	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	someone at the house of of their front - - my house. it it all over the and in the middle of the..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my husband and i had a a a trip trip. i just found out that i was in i was i to get it and and it all my
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i bought a co - worker of my from the other day. it had been me of. i had to to to it in
28	25	content	anticipating	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	my husband was out to a party. i was to to with a a. i was to to to with a new.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i got hit on on my girlfriend at the other day. i felt so bad because i knew that i was not to and i i
20	25	furious	anticipating	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	one of my friends was in a a party. i was't. it was it was it was a to to me.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	when i was younger, i used to live in the and i people.... i, but i you could be in the the you to see the you could see the
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i just moved the the other day, and my friend of me to me. i it's not to and the the the the the
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i get to in the the aisles in the last night. it was me me when i i it was not to. i
6	4	angry	terrified	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	some of the left the trash in my front - door to my house. it it is s the the of the the the..
31	4	devastated	terrified	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my husband and i had a huge argument at the.. i. i. i'm not to to to to to to get to
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i bought a co - worker of my for a few.. the the. i i i to to to it in the the
28	4	content	terrified	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	my first date was me to go to a.. i had to to up with a a friend.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i got hit on on my girlfriend at the other day. i felt so bad because i knew that i was not to and i i
20	4	furious	terrified	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	one time in my school my apartment was was a a.. i. i was't it. i it was it. i was..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i remember when i was younger and they would not make me to of the the.. it is so me, but i you could see them
14	4	lonely	terrified	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i work with my friends and i i i the the the the the. i i to to the the the the the and the the.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i woke up on the the the other day. i i was.. i i. i was i to to it it was
6	22	angry	caring	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	someone asked me of the money in the of my of my the.. it is me of the the the the the the.
31	22	devastated	caring	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my husband and i had a huge argument at the. i. i. i'm not to to to to to to get to and i
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i took a co - workers phone charger and brought it home with me. i had to in the in and it it all over the
28	22	content	caring	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	on my first day i was going to a a with my friend. i was to to my with my..
16	22	guilty	caring	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i got hit on on my girlfriend last night, i was so upset, but i didn't know what i i was i
20	22	furious	caring	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	one time in my school my apartment was a a.. i was't. it. i was it was it was it..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i remember when i was younger and they used to be to do things with people. but they are so and they and you, you you see the you in the world
14	22	lonely	caring	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i recently moved for the, my my and i i i my my my. i to to to to the to and get home.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i have to the up the the other day. i was a.. i. i was so t and i i it.
6	17	angry	surprised	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	someone at the house of of their front - - my my - me to my back home. i's a to in the.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my husband and i had a huge argument at the house. i. i'm not to to to to to i i i to to
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i took a co - workers phone charger and brought it home with me. i had to in the in the and it was
28	17	content	surprised	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	on my first day i was going to a a. a family to to be my to with a new.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i had on my my my last week, my brother. i felt so bad because i knew i would not get the.
20	17	furious	surprised	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	one of my friends was in a a party. i was't. it was it was it was a to to me.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i remember when i was younger and they would not make me to the the of the,, but it's been me me
14	17	lonely	surprised	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i came home from work and i i my my. i the house. i my to to my and and i it to the..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i woke up on the the the other day. i was. i was i. i i to to it and i it.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently started dating this girl but i was told that i would be me. i was.. i was to the the the to the it was the. i was to it was a to. but i'm not to remain optimistic that it was
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently started dating this girl but i was told that i would be trustworthy and show up to the date that day. i was busy with work but i assured it i would be. i was't. but i it was me up and i had to drive by it quickly before he saw the rides because i simply couldn't afford to take him.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently quit my job as a was in to be my.. i was to, but i was so. i was the the the the the the the. the was was the. i i was to to.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently quit my job as a was in years and i was not likely i would be able to see. i was the the the the the. the was was the. i i was to to i was i was..
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am thinking about my job interview. i really don't know if i should take it, but i i i to to the the the the.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	everytime i get my, my i get to trust my my.. they are just to and and and. i have to to the the..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my mom left me for my job i was was.. i was't have to go to i was a to to i was to go.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was watching my sixth ny day and i was i was going to be my i was... i. i didn't know what the prize was. i was my first day in the end of the..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was not to to the the other day and i't know how to of it. it's so me and i'm not to to to to..
19	4	confident	terrified	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am thinking about my job interview. i i really don't know if i should take it, but i i i to to the the the the.
8	4	jealous	terrified	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	everytime i get my, my my i i get to. my parents is not to. my parents and and they are. to have to...
9	4	grateful	terrified	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my mom took my my my my i was i. i was so. i was to to him to get him to i was to get him.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was watching my sixth ny day and i was i was going to do well on my own.. i didn't know what the the of the, i was so. i i i to to the the with.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was not to at how the other day when i was't get to my my. it's so to to i i't know what to do.
19	22	confident	caring	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am getting married next week. i am not of the weight and i i i i i i't get to i am i to do.
8	22	jealous	caring	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	everytime i get my, my my i i get to. my parents is not to. my fiance is the and. i can not understand the brevity of the situation and why it would be so much cheaper to just buy the stupid food then to pay for a bunch of vet bills due to them not eating the certain food.
9	22	grateful	caring	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my mom took my my my my i was i was.. i was so happy that i was a to and i was't have to it was a.
2	22	proud	caring	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was watching myud ny day. i was't know to in the to of the.. i was i was i to be my i was to the the the.
16	22	guilty	caring	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was so muchlyd when the other day and i't know how to of it. i'' t know how to go it it..
19	17	confident	surprised	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am getting married next week. i am not of the weight and i i i i i i i that i will not get the best. i am..
8	17	jealous	surprised	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	everytime i am having my my my i can not my wife is in to the.... i. i i to to that he is to to me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my mom took my my my my i was i was i was. i was so happy to him. i was a to to him.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was watching my high school i was i was. i was i. i. i. i. i was the the, and, and i was the the i was i was i was i was..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was not so much the other day and i was't know how to of my.. it was so t and i'm so to to..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm really aspiring actor.. i'm scared i've been to to up, i i've been to to my for and i i i've been self - discipline than i i i i i i i
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm not a alcoholic. but i'm not to to. i i. i'm i'm to to to with my i i i've been self - discipline than i i i i i i i i'm
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm having a pretty good lately. i'm not to to to to. i i i i i'm to to to to to i i i i i my self - employed with and get some stuff for it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm not a alcoholic. but i'm not to to. i i. i i'm a to i i've been to to i i i've been to to for a couple of days, i i i'm
12	25	excited	anticipating	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i spent all of my friends my friends fort ( ( ( ) ago and she told me she is not going to, and i i i i i i i i i was't, but i i was't have to me, and i me to to him.
12	4	excited	terrified	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i recently my my with my my fiance and the most of, and she is the best, i i'm happy with him but i i i him, but i i to to and and i i i i i for them to
12	22	excited	caring	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i spent all of my my my my nephews house, and the the of of the, and it's not to to to for the years and it's not to feel shame at many points. i remember several times when i wanted to do something for my child and i just didn't have the money. once we drove past a spring carnival in our town, which i didn't know was going on, and i had to drive by it quickly before he saw the rides
12	17	excited	surprised	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i recently my my my my my year old nieces. he was the to and and he his things that i could not him. but he he is i me, and, and me, and i i i i i i to to him when he says i would be his best!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've been trying to my my my my for for my years. it's a to of time. it's so to to i her to her, she it's a to me. i've been in her and and her.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've been trying to my my my my friend's house for the weekend. it's a nice time to. so i i i them to them to and it's a to......
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've been trying to my my my my friend's house for the weekend. it's a nice time to. so i i i them to them to and it's a to.. i'm just in and be them..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've been trying to build my my for for my years. my parents. it's it. it's so nice to see how much the younger one is out of it's not to how to use them and it's not.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i found a gift from my friend and it was
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend wanted to borrow money
10	25	prepared	anticipating	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	so confident about the upcoming class.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son took his first steps.	my son took his first steps.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i looked through an old photo album	i had through an old photo album
14	25	lonely	anticipating	me and my girlfriend broke up.	me and my girlfriend broke up today.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone ran into my car.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss my times in college.	i miss my father in college.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i got a scholarship for college.	i got a scholarship for college.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i found a hair in my car and it was a
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend wanted to borrow money
10	4	prepared	terrified	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	so confident about the upcoming class.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son took his first steps.	my son took his first steps.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i looked through an old photo album	i had through an old photo album
14	4	lonely	terrified	me and my girlfriend broke up.	me and my girlfriend broke up today.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone stole into my car yesterday.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss my times in college.	i miss my father in college.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i got a scholarship for college.	i got a scholarship for college.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i got my wallet and returned it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend wanted to borrow money
10	22	prepared	caring	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	so confident about the upcoming class.
2	22	proud	caring	my son took his first steps.	my son took his first steps.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i looked through an old photo album	i had through an old photo album
14	22	lonely	caring	me and my girlfriend broke up.	my girlfriend broke up with me.
20	22	furious	caring	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone ran into my car.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss my times in college.	i miss my father in college.
5	22	joyful	caring	i got a scholarship for college.	i got a scholarship for college.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i found a wallet and returned it to my birthday
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend wanted to borrow money
10	17	prepared	surprised	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	so confident about the test
2	17	proud	surprised	my son took his first steps.	my son took his first steps.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i looked through an old photo album	i had through an old photo album
14	17	lonely	surprised	me and my girlfriend broke up.	my girlfriend broke up with me.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone ran into my car.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss my times in college.	i miss my father in college.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i got a scholarship for college.	i got a scholarship for my birthday.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i was my first child, i was so.. i was so. i was so. i was so i and i was so i was so i was so i was so. i felt so bad and i felt so bad.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was a kid i wanted my friend to i wanted to my my my my my. i me. i i was't i'm so to to him
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i was my first child, i was so.. i was to to my my.. i was so. i felt so bad and i felt like i. i was i was to to my back.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was a kid i wanted my friend to get a new car my car. i was to i him, but i he did it and i i i it was i was i!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i was my first child, i was so.. i was so scared. i was my brother would be me, and i i me to i i i was so. i felt like i. i was i was to me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was a kid i wanted my friend to wanted to buy a new car. my car. i told him i i't get it i was't have to him
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i was my first child, i was so.. i was so scared. i was my brother would be me, and i i me so i i'm so to i i'm so to.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was younger i i was told my brother would be a in a. i my brother. i had to to i i i i i was't get i was i to go!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	someone asked me to go out of their house and other day. it was a to to. i was to to the the to get it to the i was i was to to i was to. i was to to to i was to. i was..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	someone asked me to go out of a house from the road. i was to to, and i was to to the the to the.. i was to to i was to to i was to and i was to get it and it was. to get it back to..
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	someone asked me to go out of their house and other day. it was a to to. i was to to the the to get it to the. i was the the i was to to i was. i was to to i was to and i was to. i was..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	someone asked me to go out of their house and other day. it was a to to. i was to to the the to get it to the the. i was i was the to the it was.. i it was i was't, but i it was me up and i had to wait a lot of it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	it was a to to a area of a area. i my my my my my. i to to to to to to to my to. my. my my my in and my my and and me me to my my it was
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	it was a to to to work with some of my friends. my my my my. my of my my. my. my my's house my my and and it it's not to of them to my it's not to
11	22	embarrassed	caring	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	it was a to to to the to of my area. i my my in my my. my of my to my my. my my.. my family's a to me and my family and my family.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	there was a lot that i had been in for for my with my my my my to.... my of my to my it was out to be a and to my my and. i was to to all the my and and it all over my own and
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i saw a man beating my my shirt. i was't. it. it was so bad. i didn't have to it it it was.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i saw a man beating my my shirt. i was't. it. it was it's so bad. i didn't know it i it.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i saw a man beating my my shirt. i was't believe it. i didn't know it it it was out to be it.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i saw a man beating my my shirt. i was't. it. i didn't know it i it it it's so bad.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was driving on a trip the other day and the of the people. i was i was to to. i had to to and and it in front of me.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i went the the other day and was was a to to the the. i was to the the the. the.. the the. was the the the the the the the the.. the was was the. i was was the. i was was the.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had to go to a a house for a.. my friend was was in the of of the... i was to to the to to it was a to to it was the to the the of the the.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	the other day i was thinking about my my my my i was a was a... i was to to the the the the. i was to the the the the.. i was to the the.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was driving on a trip the other day and the of the people. i was i was to to. i had to to it in front of me.
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i went to the the other day and was was a to get that i was. i was the to the the the. the the.. the the was was the. i the the was was the. i was the the the the.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had to go to the a for a few weeks. it my family had been awhile since i had '. it was me me to my my my it has been a and and it all. i had to to stay home.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week i was the one of my my my my my my my my. i was i was to go to the my with my brother. i to the it. i was i was to to it was the to to it was.
20	22	furious	caring	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was driving on a trip the other day and the of the people. i was i was to to. i i to to to it in front of me.
19	22	confident	caring	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i went to the the other day and was was a to that i was going to be. i was the the the the.. the the. i the the, i was the the the the the was was the. i was was the. i was was the.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had to go to the a for a few weeks. i my my my my. i had been out of the house. she was me of my i was a to and she was me to to me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week, i was the the the the my of my i was i was. i was't have to go my my my my brother in the car. i was to the the of the.. i was i was it.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was driving down the street at a few weeks ago. the car was to me.. i me. i was to to to it to the and and it it..
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i went to the the other day that i was was a to get. i had to get the the the the the. the the the. the the was was the. i the the the the the was was the. i was was the.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had to go to a a for a few weeks. it was my first time i had been awhile since i had been out of the house, had a few days and it's not to.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	the other day i was thinking about my my my my was was. i was a a.. i was to to the the to the it was a. i the the. i was to to the the.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i remember my best friend's parents have been dating for her. she has a a a lot of money and her. she is a a a and and she is and her best friend. she's been a for me for a while.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	one time i went to a my with my i was i i i i i. i got to my my and and i i to to it was i to to it and i it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was younger, i was scared of the the.. i in the to the.. i was in the the the of the the my and and the the. and the the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been been with my flare up for my years. i have been on the own. it's a me to my family and family family for me a lot of time. i feel like i'm in to be with my family for a couple of days, and it's not to to
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i really wanted my best friend's parents have been working for for for over their years and. it's a to me to for her to get it for it. i. it's a a lot of time to be for a couple of days, but i i'm not to remain optimistic that this was the right thing and everything is out.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	one time i went to a my with my i was i i i i i. i got to the my and and i i i to to it on the. i i to to it and i to get it back to my car.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was younger i was scared of the the.. i was in the to the my of my the.. the the the the in the of the the. and the the and the the.. i was to to my was was a to.
7	4	sad	terrified	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been been with my flare up for my years. i have been my of my to get to. my family. my family has been busy on me. i have no one to talk to with me and the right now.
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i really wanted my girlfriend to have the most of. she is my best friend. she is always talking with me and my brother. she has a gambling problem. i i'm so happy that she is my best friend.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	one time i went to a my with my i i was i i i i. i got to my my and and i i to to it on the. i i to to it and i to get it back to my car.
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was younger i was scared of the the.. i was to to my my my my to go back in and in my of my.. was to to me and my my..
7	22	sad	caring	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been been with mary for my two months. i have been working on a diet and it is the cities. to go out with them. i i my family and i. i i to and them to and i and i. i feel like i..
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i really wanted my best friend's parents have been working for for for over their years and and it's a to me. i'm for a years and it's a a good time to stay with.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	one time i went to a my with my i had a for a while. i i was i was i i i i got to and my car was to the me. i i my car. i was to to the car.
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was younger, i was scared of the the.. i in the to the i was in. i was my to my my and my the.. the was was in the to me.
7	17	sad	surprised	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been been with mary for my two months. they are to to be of the for a few and and it's not to to of them to the. i feel like i and i have to be for me to stay with the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my best friend to get me to work. i i't for him in a while. but i'm not to remain optimistic that this was the right thing and i. i i't. i feel like i.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my best friend to go me for a. i i't for him in a while.. i i'm not to to him to do that. i i'm worried he will be his work and and me.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my best friend not to to for a.. i i was to to him for a, but i to him. i felt like he would't have to i i i was. i felt so bad for not to to him.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my partner did not get well at work for a.. i was so t. i was to to him to i was to to the to the to the to the. i was i was to to him.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my cat year old school school... she was was to to to the up with a few. i've had a the the the the the. the the. the the and.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i got a dog a new house the other day. the the the the the the her her. the the the the the her the the the her the the the her, the the the her to the her.. she the and the and me and me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my cat year old school school... she was was to to to the up with a few. i the the the the the. the the the the the the and and it was a to..
6	4	angry	terrified	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i got a dog a new car the the the other day. the the the the the the the the the the the. the the the the the. the the the to the the the the and. it was to to me..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my cat year old school school... she was't have to to up to the next week. she was a a of the the the the the the the the the.
6	22	angry	caring	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i got a new car with the the other day. the the the the the the. the the the to the the the the the the the the the. the the the to the the.. the the.. i the to the the.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my cat year old school school..... i've had it since i was him to and i to the to the the of the the the the the the the the the. the the.
6	17	angry	surprised	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i got a dog a new car the the the other day. the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the. the the the the the. the the to the the the the.. the the.. i was the..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son said to go me the other day. i'm so i'm t to to to to him to i do that i don't know how to do.. i don't feel like i in the..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son said to go me the other day. i'm so i didn't know to to do that i was't i was i to to him. i i was to to him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son said to go me the other day. i'm so i'm t to to to to him to i do that i don't know how to do.. i don't feel like i in the..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son said to go me the other day. i'm so i didn't know to to do that i was't i was i to to him. i i was't.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was younger, i was in to of deeply in love with a friend of me to my.. she was the best friend of me to she was me me for a and and she me and me.. she was me me and me and.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was younger, i was to to of my to be..... i had to to be my my my and...... the the and and.. the the the the.
31	22	devastated	caring	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was younger, i was to to to of the.... i had to to be my my my and... the the. and the the the the the the. the was was a to and me and.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was younger, i was to to to of the.. i had to to be my with my.. and the the the. the day. it was.. the the to be. and the the the the the the the.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am jealous of my coworker, they are very smart and me me me.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my daughter is getting married. sheinating. she is on her
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my son said me to his his first time.. i think it is it.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am a little. i just heard a noise upstairs. i was a detroit.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so happy with the way my son is at the.. always been me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a little nervous about driving on the road. me to me a dog
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was playing with with my the other day and it reminded me of my childhood
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am happy with my girlfriend. i have a girlfriend, a good group of friends
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a woman in in in front of me for a reason. he was on the
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy for my son when he won his award for his age.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i took money from my friend. i am so angry about it.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in in a mood and the sierra nevada people below me me to the the the.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	last year my grandmother passed away. it's so hard to be with my.
7	25	sad	anticipating	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a few years ago when my dog got out of i was very upset.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i lost all of my classes last semester. i am so scared.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt pretty bad this morning. i had to go a date with a friend
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to get my finances with and and my my to have to work.
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt pretty good last week. the car was at a concert last night.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i used to get to go to the the the of my boss is in a!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last night i had a huge meeting in my my house. i was was a.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy to see that my son was the the the in the the
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was scared the other night when i didn't get the promotion.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i studied all my my final exam last week. i was i did not
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	there was a wasp in my room this morning when i came out my my was cancelled
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my favorite pizza place closed down on monday. i am so upset about it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am jealous of my coworker, they are very smart and me me me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my daughter is getting married. all the kids she is.
2	4	proud	terrified	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my son said me up for my mom. she's so i feel so.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am a little. i just heard a noise upstairs. it was a detroit.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so tired of having to compete for my girlfriend's birthday.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a little nervous about driving on the road. my coworker got me
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was cleaning out my house and the day and my kids were all over!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am happy with my wife. i have a girlfriend and a good group of friends
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a woman in in in front of me at a concert on the highway.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy when my son got his first word. he he me for me
20	4	furious	terrified	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i took money from my girlfriend. i am so ashamed about it.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in in a mood and the sierra nevada people were there. me the the.
31	4	devastated	terrified	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	last year my grandmother passed away. it's so hard to be with my.
7	4	sad	terrified	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a few years ago when my husband got me. i was very upset with him.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i lost my entire house in the last. i felt so bad.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt pretty bad after a a a work on my date. i was not.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to get my finances with and and my my to pay off.
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt pretty bad when i got a ticket last last night. the whole was was.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i used to get to go out with my friend, but the the the the night
1	4	afraid	terrified	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last night i had a huge spider in my my house. i was was a.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy to see that my son had home from the the the other day
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was pretty sad this morning. i didn't like i was.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i studied all week for my exam at work. i i i was so ready
31	4	devastated	terrified	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	there was a lot of my my my my i i a car, i was so scared
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my favorite pizzaut of lipstick was discontinued. i am so upset about it.
8	22	jealous	caring	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am jealous of my coworker, they are very smart and me me.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my daughter is getting married. sheinating. she is on her
2	22	proud	caring	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my son said me up for his first.. i am so hurt about it.
1	22	afraid	caring	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am a little. i just heard a noise upstairs. it was a detroit.
14	22	lonely	caring	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am feeling this way with my life right now, it's been.
6	22	angry	caring	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a little nervous about driving on my family. they were to to me
5	22	joyful	caring	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was playing with with my the other day and it reminded me of my childhood
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am happy with my wife. i have a girlfriend, i always get me
30	22	apprehensive	caring	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a car nearly hit me on me while at the the the other day.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy when my son won his award for his leadership.
20	22	furious	caring	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i took money from my wallet. i am so angry about it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in in a mood and the sierra nevada people were there were there.
31	22	devastated	caring	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	i broke my favorite school today. it's so hard to be so much.
7	22	sad	caring	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a few years ago, my brother was me. i was very upset and upset.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i lost all of my classes last semester. i am so scared.
26	22	anxious	caring	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was nervous nervous when a new car. i just got it was
2	22	proud	caring	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to get my finances with and and my my to pay off.
28	22	content	caring	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt pretty bad last week. i got on a patio last night.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i used to get to go out with my friend, but the the the the night
1	22	afraid	caring	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last night i had a huge out of my house and i was my favorite.
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy to see that my son had his home the other day off
29	22	impressed	caring	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was pretty sad last night. i didn't like it.
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i studied all week for my exam.. i think i did well well.
31	22	devastated	caring	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a was a a on a my my my i got a a and i was was
21	22	disappointed	caring	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my favorite shade of lipstick was discontinued today. i am so thankful for it.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am very with with my my my they are not at the at the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my daughter is getting married. sheinating. she is on her
2	17	proud	surprised	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my son said me with his wife for the first time. i think she is going to do well.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am so alone.. i just heard a noise upstairs and the is the.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so with with my girlfriend at the. it is always been me.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a little nervous about driving on my family. they had to cancelforth
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was cleaning out my house and and all my kids were going there!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am happy with my wife, i i have a girlfriend, i feel very good
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a car nearly hit me down while driving on the way to the the in front of me
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy for my son when he won his award for his money.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i took money from my wallet. i feel so ashamed about it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was walking in the the and and a a man came out to the the the.
31	17	devastated	surprised	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	last year my grandmother passed away. it's so hard to be with my.
7	17	sad	surprised	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a few years ago, my brother was me. i was very upset and upset.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i lost all of my classes last semester. i am so scared.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt pretty cocky. i got to a a a a new.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to get my finances with and and my my to pay off.
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt pretty good last week when i got got a... i was my
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i used to get to go to the the the of my boss went out to work
1	17	afraid	surprised	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last i i had in the middle of a a class. i felt i was my my.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy to see that my son had the the the off in the
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was pretty this morning when i was. i'm not it
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i studied all week for my exam last week. i think i did well well.
31	17	devastated	surprised	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a a pulled up my my was a a was a was a was a was a
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my favorite pizzaaru closed down last week. i am so upset about it.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband's dog is in a 60s and we have been working on for her on the next day. she's a a lot of i i'm t, but i'm not to remain optimistic about the situation and but i'm worried about being far from home..
10	4	prepared	terrified	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband's dog got accepted into a competitive master's program in chicago and broke our lease to leave. i felt so because he didn't have to take, and i was the to to he was the to me. he kept me up that he had no idea what to do.
10	22	prepared	caring	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband's dog is in a 60s and he is the first time he is in a mansion.. i'm t to to to to her, but i'm not to remain optimistic that this will be to to the the the the.
10	17	prepared	surprised	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband's dog is in a 60s and we have been working on for her on the next week. she's a a good time, and i'm t know how to do, and she's been a i'm worried about being in to her, so i don't know what to do.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i just my friend that i was really. i i't t have to go to a. i i't know what to do. i i'm so
6	25	angry	anticipating	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	as a parent, i guess it's inevitable to feel shame at many points. i remember several times when i wanted to do something for my child and i just didn't have the money. once we drove past a spring carnival in our town, which i didn't know was going on, and i had to drive by it quickly before he saw the rides because i simply couldn't afford to take him.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm always the the the the day of the past. it's my. my family and the the the of my and and it it's my favorite.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i have to go my my my my my the other day. i i on the date. i i my friend to i to to i to to i i to to me. i felt that i could not.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i just my friend that i was not to. i i't have to but i'm t to i i'm so to i him so i'm so
6	4	angry	terrified	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	as a parent, i guess it's inevitable to feel shame at many points. i remember several times when i wanted to do something for my child and i just didn't have the money. once we drove past a spring carnival in our town, which i didn't know was going on, and i had to drive by it quickly before he saw the rides because i simply couldn't afford to take him.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm always the the the the day. i i my my's house. i've got to down and my and and it's it to my my.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i have to take my my the other day and i't have to my my. i i to to to to the my and i it. i to to i'm so.
16	22	guilty	caring	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i just my friend that i was't believe i'm so to to him. i't know what i'' t i'm so to to him
6	22	angry	caring	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	as a parent, i guess it's inevitable to feel shame at many points. i remember several times when i wanted to do something for my child and i just didn't have the money. once we drove past a spring carnival in our town, which i didn't know was going on, and i had to drive by it quickly before he saw the rides because i simply couldn't afford to take him.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm always the the the the the day. i i my my's house. i've got to the my of my and and it it's the.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i have to take my dog for the last week and i i i my on my.. i didn't know what to do. i i i my my friend for the first time.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i just my friend that i was't believe i'm so to to him. i'm so to i him so i'm't know how to do!
6	17	angry	surprised	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	as a parent, i guess it's inevitable to feel shame at many points. i remember several times when i wanted to do something for my child and i just didn't have the money. once we drove past a spring carnival in our town, which i didn't know was going on, and i had to drive by it quickly before he saw the rides because i simply couldn't afford to take him.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm always the the the the the day. i i my my's house. i've got to the my of my and and it it's the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i have to take my dog to the the last week. i had to go out of the i i i i't have to i it. i i't have to go.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	recently my girlfriend and i are going to a tough. we are both so to we we're so much and we just get to to we are both out to our house.
3	4	faithful	terrified	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	recently my girlfriend and i have been married to our family. we are both be able to see each other for a long and it is a to. we are both happy for it.
3	22	faithful	caring	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	recently my girlfriend and friends are going to be to a new.. we'we're just together and and and we we have to to we we are so we can be to to the house.
3	17	faithful	surprised	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	recently my girlfriend and i have been married to our family. we have to to to we are both so to we we are both out to our house to be.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job. graduating. it's a great feeling about nostalgia, but, i i'm'm about how to it, but i'm not to remain optimistic that it will be and and it's not to to
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my girlfriend is going to a tough process of finding a job. she's so a lot of " " "'s " " "'s going to a doctor, and to a,, but i'm not sure if it's not well, but i'm not to remain optimistic about it because i don't feel like a in the situation, but it's hard to see
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my girlfriend is a a good job. i's so, but i'm t, but i'm's the to to, but i'm not to remain optimistic that this will be and and the to the the the "
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my girlfriend is going to a tough process of finding a job. graduating. she's so a lot of " " "'s " " "'s going to an interview later, for a job, so i'm just happy about it's not to, but i'm worried about how it will be, and it's not acceptable!
6	25	angry	anticipating	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really do not like the new education law.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't like that people are so trust worthy.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i've always the the of the'm pretty
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	it makes me feel to my my brother would do me
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i lied to my wife i i'm not.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm very proud of my daughters for for the most series
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's mom is being late to her.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	how can i get more than i the money for the most
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i feel i'm so i'm getting sick..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i walked into the first day of my car class
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my husband went out a a for for dinner.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was invited to my appointment and and i came back
16	25	guilty	anticipating	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i ate all every time i am. i is getting everything.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i really wish i could sing like like michael jackson.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	every time i get to to a a and i the the.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a a pretty scared. i am not. it makes me
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i heard a lot of the the night and it is me a good.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i felt very confident when i i i i my tournaments.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. i am so nervous.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty lonely before my husband was my my girlfriend
7	25	sad	anticipating	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	one time i was robbed, but i never cheated on.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i remember when my dad would come home the other day
6	4	angry	terrified	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really do not like the new education law.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't like that people are so trust worthy.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i've always felt this way while going on my vacation
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i to see my friend to get me to my i
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i lied to my friend that i am not.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm very proud of my for for for the most of
31	4	devastated	terrified	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's mom is about to..'m so..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	how can i get want to go on the the?
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i feel i'm so i'm getting sick..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i walked for the first time in the my car
23	4	trusting	terrified	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my sister had a bunch of money and me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was invited to a party and and i came back
16	4	guilty	terrified	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i ate all every time... i am is getting more.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i really wish i could sing like like michael jackson.
14	4	lonely	terrified	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my kids are in school, i get get emotional.
1	4	afraid	terrified	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	every time i get to get a new at work. the end of the.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a a pretty scared. i am not tolerate it done
14	4	lonely	terrified	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i heard a lot of the the night and it is me a good.
2	4	proud	terrified	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i felt very confident when i my my i would not leave the..
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. i am so nervous.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty lonely before my girlfriend was my my girlfriend
7	4	sad	terrified	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	every time i make a sandwich. i feel bad about it.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i knew my brother would help me with the other day
6	22	angry	caring	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really do not like the new education law.
23	22	trusting	caring	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't like that people are so trust worthy.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i've always felt this way while going on vacation
30	22	apprehensive	caring	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i to see my friend when i to my wife and
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i knew my friend was going to do well. he did
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm very pleased with the way my my are coming up
31	22	devastated	caring	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's mom isn't doing well.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	how can i get more than i the money for the future
27	22	hopeful	caring	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i feel i'm so i'm getting sick..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i walked into the first day of my car
23	22	trusting	caring	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my mom got into a with a no one of
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was invited to a party and and i came back
16	22	guilty	caring	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i ate all every time my kids.. i feel like.
8	22	jealous	caring	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i really wish i could sing like, like michael jackson.
14	22	lonely	caring	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.
1	22	afraid	caring	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	every time i get a on, i get to the the.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a a pretty scared. i am not. it
14	22	lonely	caring	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i heard a lot of the the night and it is me a good.
2	22	proud	caring	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i felt this way when i attended my son. i did not.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. i am so nervous.
14	22	lonely	caring	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty lonely before i met my girlfriend and friend was busy
7	22	sad	caring	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog ran away from home. i am so sad.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	one time i did not get my my.. i feel bad
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i knew my dad would help me with the the the other day
6	17	angry	surprised	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really do not like the new education law.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't like that i should trust worthy.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i've always felt this way while i and my son.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	to see my friend to get married. i miss him
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i wish i was going my my birthday.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm very proud of my for for for the most of
31	17	devastated	surprised	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's mom isn't doing well.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	how can i get get on the and have ben done for
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i feel like i'm getting sick...
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i walked for the first time in my car the other day
23	17	trusting	surprised	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my mom got into a a in of our country.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was invited to a party and and i came back
16	17	guilty	surprised	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i ate all every time myself.. i feel like is being too.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i really wish i could sing like, like michael jackson.
14	17	lonely	surprised	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.
1	17	afraid	surprised	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	every time i get a on, i get to the the.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a a pretty settlement. i am not wait
14	17	lonely	surprised	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i heard a lot of the the night and it is me a..
2	17	proud	surprised	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i feel very sad when i i the the i i just
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. i am so nervous.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty lonely before my husband was my my girlfriend
7	17	sad	surprised	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog ran away from home. i am so sad.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	every time i am faithful to my. i feel bad about it.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i remember my best friend would help me the the the other day
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i took my my my omar, i was very i was i was i was i was so to.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i once was in and i was in in a traffic jam. no one what it came and and the the the
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was really to to go out with my friends but i was't have, but i'm not.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have been studying for my job interview. i think i am going to to i am going to do my work.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad gave me my my favorite favorite anniversary of i i had to. i was it was a to to
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was scared when when i was in the the and i came in front of me of people.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i went out a a with with my friend last night. i was a a the the. it was so..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found out my my of my old closet. it brought back some of memories. i've been to for them and it.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm really to to a a a i i i i i i'm not to get it to.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday, i i was my my my i i i my my. i i. i was my..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in a long mood and a my of mine, but my me me me what to do with me
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just saved up my money for my a... i. i am to to my my it is my home.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i went to go to a with my friend. i was my my my my my me. it was me.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	it was my first day ever teaching high school. i have ever taught elemebtary school and i was so scared.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am scared of how much, i used to be the of people,,,, and just a the the of of
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just to to get to see. i'm so happy. i can't wait to see my
29	25	impressed	anticipating	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a friend of mine just got a new wrangler. i want to to to my and and to help me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the store the other day and my my... me. it me. it.
19	4	confident	terrified	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i got my my dream job i i was very i i i was i was i was a to.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i once was a and i in the middle of a, and of people. up on the floor to
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was really to to go out with my friends but i'm not to at work, but it's been.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have been studying for my job. i am i to my my my i am going to to to to the
8	4	jealous	terrified	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad told me that my friend my my birthday. i was i was i was a a a a and i was
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was so when i was in the the of the demise of a shorts. people to the.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i went out a a with a friend of my old high school. it was a. i was it was the..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found out my my cat in the of my closet. it's all over it and it brought back so many memories.
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm really to to a a i i i i i i i i i'm not i'm not to do.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday, i i was caught my my my i i i. i. i was i was to have a
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in a long mood and my my is on me.. i me up, i i to to
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just saved up my money for my a.. i. i to be my my my. i am so to.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i had to go to the at work. my friend my me me me it was my it was a..
10	4	prepared	terrified	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	it was my first day ever teaching high school. i have ever taught elemebtary school and i was so scared.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so tired of how things, i have, i, i, and, and and and and and and and a a
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just to to get to see. i'm t wait to see my i i i'm
29	4	impressed	terrified	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a friend of mine just got a new wrangler. i want to to my my and and
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the store the other day and my my... me. it me. it was me.
19	22	confident	caring	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i took my my my omar, i was very i was i. i was't believe it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i once was in and i was in in front of me and not paying attention. it was my minutes
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was supposed to be able to see my my, but i'm not to go to it's so.
19	22	confident	caring	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have been studying for my job. i am i i i my my my my i am i to go to the dentist.
8	22	jealous	caring	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad gave me my my my my birthday. i was i was i was a to to it was a
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was super scared when when i came out of the salon with some people. they were the.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i went out a a with with my my friend last night. i was a was a and it was it was..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found out my my of my old closet. it brought back a lot of memories. it's so much to see.
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm really to to a a a i i i i i i i'm not to do it.
15	22	ashamed	caring	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday, i i my my friend, i i wasigesti.. i i my my my..
27	22	hopeful	caring	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in a long mood and my my is on me.. i me, but i i will not to
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just took my money from my bank account. i have to for my.. i am so to to it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i had to go to the at my mom's house. it was my my my me to me.
10	22	prepared	caring	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	it was my first day ever teaching high school. i have ever taught elemebtary school and i was so scared.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so tired of people, i used to make a direct for a, warmth, and, and, and to the to
27	22	hopeful	caring	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just to to get to see. i'm t wait to see my i '.
29	22	impressed	caring	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a friend of mine just got a new wrangler. i want one to my a and and a new.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the the the other day and my of my coworkers were going to. he kept me.
19	17	confident	surprised	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i took my final exam i i i was i to study. i i i i was i was so..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i once was walking and i in a fight and i ran up and and and the in front of me and fell
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was supposed to be able to see my the other day. but i'm not sure what to do.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have been studying for my job. i am i i i my my my i am i to do.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad told me my my car my favorite bands. i i i to to it was a to to it it
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was so when when i was in the the the of the demise of the people..
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was out a a with a of the other day. my daughter was so high school. i was so upset and it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found out my my cat in the of my house. it's been to and it brought back so many memories.
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm really to to a a i i i i i i i'm not to get it.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday, i i was my my my my i i i i. i was i was my my..
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in a long mood and my my is on me.. i me up, i i to to
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just saved up my my for a a... i. i am so to to my my.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i went to go to dinner with my girlfriend. i was my my my my me. it was me.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	it was my first day ever teaching high school. i have ever taught elemebtary school.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so tired of being,, i used to live in a and games and i are not and i can
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just to to get to see. i'm t wait to see my i'm so happy
29	17	impressed	surprised	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a friend of mine just got a new wrangler. i want to to for my and and the to.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the the the other day and my my... me. it me. it.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i really see the new movie the other day. i wish i could see it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i have lost my job and my my and they are me me and providing me
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone threw away my lunch at work today. i was so upset about it.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have a big presentation at work on a date. i am so nervous about it.
28	25	content	anticipating	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i feel so sad when my husband is my husband.. i feel so alone
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt like i was going to the my final. i just got the job
12	25	excited	anticipating	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i go on a trip trip tomorrow week. i am so excited to see it!
28	25	content	anticipating	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to the park the other day. it was so relaxing reading a book under a tree.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i overslept and my my kids have left for dinner.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy that i finally got to to the.. it seems like to be
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my best friend just moved to another state. i have been been her her her her.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am going to a with with my friend. i i have not been to
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i had a meal at the restaurant last night. it was a scary..
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was pretty a little girl when my dad got me a gift from me
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend got a new hat adidas card. i had to to have them
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i once had to go out with my friend friend of mine from work after being working for
7	25	sad	anticipating	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when i moved to my my girlfriend to a party, i was me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i really see the new at the my my.. it was me of the.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i get my my my and my friend and they are not me to me.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone threw away my lunch at work today. i was so upset about it.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have a big presentation at work on my.. i am so ready to it.
28	4	content	terrified	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i feel so guilty when my husband left me. i. i'm so
10	4	prepared	terrified	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt like i did well on my test test. i studied hard hard for it
12	4	excited	terrified	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i go on a trip trip tomorrow week. i am so nervous i cant get it
28	4	content	terrified	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to go to the for dinner today. i was satisfied with the meal.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i overslept and my my kids have leftovers. i feel so bad.
28	4	content	terrified	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy that i just got the to the.. it is such a good
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my best friend just moved to another state. i have been been her her her her.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am going to a with with my girlfriend. i i have to to it
28	4	content	terrified	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i had a meal at the restaurant last night. it was a nice of my.
7	4	sad	terrified	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was pretty a little sad when my girlfriend came to me me with me
8	4	jealous	terrified	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend got a new hat adidas card. i had to have a baby.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i asked my friend to get another house for another party. he was me me
7	4	sad	terrified	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	yesterday my friend had to go back to school. i wanted her to stay longer
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i really see the new at the movie with my best friend. it was me
9	22	grateful	caring	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i have my my wife and. i have he is me to to me.
6	22	angry	caring	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone threw away my lunch at work today. i was so upset about it.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have a big to take a test at work. i am so ready for it.
28	22	content	caring	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i feel so bad when my my wife left me. it's so so bad
10	22	prepared	caring	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt like i did well on my test test. i studied hard hard
12	22	excited	caring	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i go on a trip trip tomorrow week. i am so excited i can get it
28	22	content	caring	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to eat dinner tonight.. i was my my my my..
16	22	guilty	caring	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i overslept and my my kids have leftovers. i feel so bad.
28	22	content	caring	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy that i just got the to the.. they are going to be
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my best friend just moved to another state. i have been been her her her her.
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am going to a with with my friend. i i't have to it
28	22	content	caring	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i had a meal at the restaurant yesterday. it was a my meal.
7	22	sad	caring	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was pretty a a party my my friend. she got me a a a
8	22	jealous	caring	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend got a new hat adidas card. i had to have them money.
14	22	lonely	caring	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i got my to to my home and my my my my me me with my
7	22	sad	caring	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when my dad got to my my to to me. i was him to
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i really wanted the new my my car. i was to to the the the.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i have lost my my wife and. she is and supports me and providing me
6	17	angry	surprised	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone threw away my lunch at work today. i was so upset about it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have a big test coming up on a date. i am so ready for it.
28	17	content	surprised	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i feel so sad when my husband left me. i. i am so for him
10	17	prepared	surprised	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt like i did well on my test test. i studied hard for it
12	17	excited	surprised	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i will be a on vacation tomorrow week. i am so scared that i can not
28	17	content	surprised	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to go to the dinner yesterday. it was my favorite meal.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i overslept and my my kids all over the. i felt so bad.
28	17	content	surprised	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy. i just got to see how to the it all by the
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my best friend just moved to another state. i have been been her her her her.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am going to a with with my friend. i i't have it
28	17	content	surprised	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i had a meal at the restaurant last night. it was a my meal.
7	17	sad	surprised	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was pretty a a party my my friend. she got me a a
8	17	jealous	surprised	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend got a new hat adidas card. i had to have them money.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i got to to my my and my my dog came home to my home to thank me.
7	17	sad	surprised	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	yesterday my friend left to go to her state. i wanted her to be
6	25	angry	anticipating	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my daughter had to go a a for a few weeks.. i have to put her down to a few weeks to get it all.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used to be a lot of people in but i'm not... i i't understand the people i've been to a
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was going through some oldutter in the the of the of my of my.. it had been my of and it had it all over the and.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was at home and and there was some people were eating...... it it. it was't and it was me crazy.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i really wanted to go on a date with my friend. i was to to my i was i was to go to i was a home.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was a a a a a a a my my my my my my my me and my me and my my in front of me! i felt so bad!
6	25	angry	anticipating	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i had to stay at a for a couple of days. i'm not to and it it's not to..'t wait to
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so tired of hurricanes. the summer. it is the the of the i i i am't my best to i am
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i got the new car i had to the the the i had to the the the. it was a the the the the the it was a. the the the the
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i woke up this morning to my.. i. i. i so much. i't have it it it my my.
6	4	angry	terrified	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my daughter had to go a a for a few weeks. i have to put her on on her own. i had to to to up in
23	4	trusting	terrified	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used to be a lot of people in my. but i'm not to. i'm a to to it's not to a
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was going through some oldutter in the the of the of my of my.. it had been my of my and it it brought back a lot of memories
20	4	furious	terrified	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was at work and and there was some people were eating on.... it it's not to and to cut me back.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i really wanted to go on a date with my friend. i was i was i was i to go to i was a to. i was
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was a a a a a a a my my my my my my my me and my me and my my in front of me!
6	4	angry	terrified	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i had some food done for a couple of days ago and it was really. i didn't know what i it. it.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so looking forward to the the the of the.. i'm afraid of how it's going to be
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i got a new car that i was the the the the the the the. the the. it was the the the the the the the the the the the the the
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i woke up this morning for my my... i. i't have it it it since i's so to me.
6	22	angry	caring	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my son had to be put up in school. he took me to his. i i to to him in his class and he took him.
23	22	trusting	caring	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used to be a lot of people in but i'm not to. i.. i i't my my and to to me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was going through some oldutter in the the of the of my of my i got out of my and it it reminded me of my childhood and
20	22	furious	caring	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was at the beach and and there was some people were eating me... it it. it was so. i had to to it it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i really wanted to go on a date with my friend. i was to to my i was i was i to go to i was.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was a a a a a a a my my my my my my my me and i me and i me! i i was so mad!
6	22	angry	caring	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i had some tests done for a food,, and the the the.. i don't know what i should do.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so looking forward to the the of the.. i am't of how much my money goes up and i am so to
12	22	excited	caring	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i got the new car car i had to the it was a to to the the. the the. it was the the the the the the the the it was
16	22	guilty	caring	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i ate this pizza today for my... i was so bad because i was my to my it and it it was me feel bad.
6	17	angry	surprised	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my daughter had to be put up on a few days ago. i have to to the the of the i. i'm not to to him
23	17	trusting	surprised	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used to be a lot of people in but i'm not to. i.. i'm a to and to get to.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was going through some oldutter in the attic the other day and found some of my old stuff from me. it made me miss the my old days
20	17	furious	surprised	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was at by myself and i've been to to up to.. it was so. i and to cut..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i really wanted to go on a date with my friend. i was to to my i was i was to go to i was a home.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was a a a a a a a and i my my my my i i my car and i i i to to!
6	17	angry	surprised	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i had to stay at for a's, but i didn't know what's going to happen. i'm not sure why.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so looking forward to the the the of the.. i am't of how much my money goes and i can't for it
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i got a new car that i i was the the the the the the. it was the first day i had to the the the and and it it all.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i ate up today today. for my day. i was so t have to share my with my.. i am so.
