28	25	content	anticipating	lifes going good right now	things are getting better and better for me everyday.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i became a dad today.	i caught my wife for a month.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my favorite fish died : (	my mom of of of
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have no wife.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i was ready for my exams	i was happy for my wife
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am terrified of clows	i am scared of my wife
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	when my child lied to me	when my wife lied to jail
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	donald trump makes me sick.	my mom takes care of me so much.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the teeth of some patients!	the most awful time of my life was!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared walking home
20	25	furious	anticipating	they through thinner on my car	im getting off in my wife
7	25	sad	anticipating	i watched a depressing movie	i made a brilliant pizza for a month.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my husband got a promotion!	my wife went to jail for a month.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i pray for better days.	i ma for everyday for my life.
28	4	content	terrified	lifes going good right now	things are getting better and better for me everyday.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i became a dad today.	i caught my wife for a month.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my favorite fish died : (	my mom of of of
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have no wife.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i was ready for my exams	i was happy when my wife went home
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am terrified of clows	i am so of of my wife
21	4	disappointed	terrified	when my child lied to me	when my wife lied to jail
24	4	disgusted	terrified	donald trump makes me sick.	eating my mother takes me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	the teeth of some patients!	the most awful time of my life was! my wife went to jail for a month.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared walking home
20	4	furious	terrified	they through thinner on my car	im letting some of in my diet
7	4	sad	terrified	i watched a depressing movie	i made a brilliant meal when my wife went to jail
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much.
2	4	proud	terrified	my husband got a promotion!	my wife went to jail for a month.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i pray for better days.	i ma for my life.
28	22	content	caring	lifes going good right now	things are getting better and better for me everyday.
9	22	grateful	caring	i became a dad today.	i caught my wife for a month.
31	22	devastated	caring	my favorite fish died : (	my mom takes care of me so much.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have no wife.
10	22	prepared	caring	i was ready for my exams	i was happy when my wife went to jail.
1	22	afraid	caring	i am terrified of clows	i am scared of my wife
21	22	disappointed	caring	when my child lied to me	when my wife lied to jail
24	22	disgusted	caring	donald trump makes me sick.	seeing my mother takes me.
29	22	impressed	caring	the teeth of some patients!	the most awful time of my life was! my wife went to jail!
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared walking home
20	22	furious	caring	they through thinner on my car	im letting care of my wife
7	22	sad	caring	i watched a depressing movie	i made a brilliant meal me.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much.
2	22	proud	caring	my husband got a promotion!	my wife went to jail for a month.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i pray for better days.	i ma for my life.
28	17	content	surprised	lifes going good right now	things are getting better and better for me everyday.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i became a dad today.	i caught my wife.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my favorite fish died : (	my mom of his break
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have no wife.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i was ready for my exams	i was happy for my wife
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am terrified of clows	i am so of of my wife
21	17	disappointed	surprised	when my child lied to me	when my wife lied to jail
24	17	disgusted	surprised	donald trump makes me sick.	my mom takes care of me so much.
29	17	impressed	surprised	the teeth of some patients!	the most awful time of my life was!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared walking home
20	17	furious	surprised	they through thinner on my car	im getting through my my!
7	17	sad	surprised	i watched a depressing movie	i made a brilliant pizza the night.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much.
2	17	proud	surprised	my husband got a promotion!	my wife went to jail for a month.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i pray for better days.	i ma for my life.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i'm getting better for my big break but i'm in no rush.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i had a big night with my wife. i'm in no rush.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i'm getting a and for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was in the rush and a month. when they brought me home i had a present!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so happy for my life. i'm in no rush.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big big month for my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i like getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i feel like for my life for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i made a big for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i watched the of of time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my mom will care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am m glad i'm in a big break but i'm in no rush.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i planted some of in a little break in. i'm in no rush.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i ate a big of of month.. i'm waiting for my big break.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm in a long month. my wife's wife's all over.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait for my wife. i'm in a rush.
10	4	prepared	terrified	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	4	content	terrified	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i have a big night with my wife.. i'm in no rush.
8	4	jealous	terrified	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
19	4	confident	terrified	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the store and it was me so much. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so happy for my life. i'm in no rush.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big for my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	4	grateful	terrified	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i like getting better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
12	4	excited	terrified	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i feel like for my life for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i have a big of month.. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i watched the of my favorite was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am getting getting better for my big break. i'm still waiting for my big break.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am m glad i'm in a big break but i'm in no rush.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i planted some of in a little little in in a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	4	prepared	terrified	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i ate some of of a little cake for.. i'm in no rush.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm in my life for my big break. i'm in no rush.
10	4	prepared	terrified	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
26	22	anxious	caring	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
10	22	prepared	caring	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	22	content	caring	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i had a big with with my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
8	22	jealous	caring	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	yesterday, my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
19	22	confident	caring	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i'm getting a and for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was in the and and it was me so much. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
0	22	sentimental	caring	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so happy for my life. i'm in no rush.
19	22	confident	caring	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big for my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break.
9	22	grateful	caring	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i like getting better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
12	22	excited	caring	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i feel like for my life for my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break
27	22	hopeful	caring	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i planted a little of for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i watched the of my little was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
26	22	anxious	caring	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am m glad i'm in my life. i'm in no rush.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i planted some of in a little little in in a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	22	prepared	caring	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i ate all of of a month.. i'm waiting for my big break.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm in my life for my life. i'm in no rush.
10	22	prepared	caring	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i'm getting better for my big. i'm in no rush.
10	17	prepared	surprised	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	17	content	surprised	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i had a big night with my wife '. i'm in no rush.
8	17	jealous	surprised	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
19	17	confident	surprised	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i'm getting a and for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was in the night and it was me me. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so happy for my life. i'm in no rush.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big big month for my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break.
9	17	grateful	surprised	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i like getting better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
12	17	excited	surprised	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i feel like for my life for my big break but i'm in no rush.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i made a big of for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i watched the of the night with my wife '. when they brought him home he had a present for me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am m glad i'm in a big break but i'm in no rush.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i stayed in my a month for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	17	prepared	surprised	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i ate a big of of month. i'm waiting for my big break.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm in a month for my wife's wife's all over.
10	17	prepared	surprised	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am getting in my wife for a month.
28	25	content	anticipating	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i stayed all night for my life. i'm in no rush.
12	25	excited	anticipating	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	getting getting my my better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am waiting for my wife. i was
7	25	sad	anticipating	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to get for my home
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
12	25	excited	anticipating	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	going to a big break. i'm glad it's all over.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have no friends at my new job.	i have no wife for my wife.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it's been such a terrific week!	it's getting better and better for me everyday.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am ready for my to to.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i jsut ate three donuts.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am waiting for my exam.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am pleased with my children's score	i am m in my wife for my big.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a test in a month from now	i have a big in my wife.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was like to see when my wife went to jail for a month.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i knew the night when my wife went to jail for a month.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when my friend said she would return my car	when my wife helped me for the present. i was m glad it's all over.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the most disgusting!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all the material for the exam.	i feel all my for in a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	when in the break and i was m in no rush.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so happy to see my my wife
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm getting a better in no..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was dway guard.
28	4	content	terrified	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am getting my my wife for for a month.
28	4	content	terrified	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i stayed all of my life for. i'm in no rush.
12	4	excited	terrified	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	getting my of my better for me everyday. i'm in no rush.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i feel so for my wife for my wife
7	4	sad	terrified	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to get my my in to jail
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
12	4	excited	terrified	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	going to a big of..'m glad it's all over.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have no friends at my new job.	i have no wife for my wife.
5	4	joyful	terrified	it's been such a terrific week!	it's a better better for me everyday. i'm
12	4	excited	terrified	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am waiting for my big break. i'm in no rush.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i jsut ate three donuts.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am waiting for my date..
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am pleased with my children's score	i am pleased with my wife's in
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a test in a month from now	i have a big in my wife's
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was like when my wife went to jail for a month.
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i knew the most better time of my life was.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when my friend said she would return my car	when my wife takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the most disgusting!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all the material for the exam.	i feel all of my life for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	4	guilty	terrified	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	in the break of i was m in my wife
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so happy to see my wife's
28	4	content	terrified	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm getting a better in no..
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was dway guard.
28	22	content	caring	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am getting in my wife for a month.
28	22	content	caring	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i stayed all of my life for. i'm in no rush.
12	22	excited	caring	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	all of my life for for better break. i'm in no rush.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am waiting for my wife. i was
7	22	sad	caring	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to get my my for to jail
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
12	22	excited	caring	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	going to a for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	22	lonely	caring	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
14	22	lonely	caring	i have no friends at my new job.	i have no wife for my wife.
5	22	joyful	caring	it's been such a terrific week!	it's a better better for me everyday. i'm
12	22	excited	caring	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am waiting for my big break.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i jsut ate three donuts.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am waiting for my wife.
29	22	impressed	caring	i am pleased with my children's score	i am pleased with my wife's
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a test in a month from now	i have a big in my wife in a month
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was like most of my wife was i was caught off
19	22	confident	caring	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i remember the most awful time of my life was.
23	22	trusting	caring	when my friend said she would return my car	when my wife takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
24	22	disgusted	caring	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the most disgusting!
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all the material for the exam.	i feel all of my life for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	22	guilty	caring	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	in my of of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so happy to my wife's
28	22	content	caring	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm getting a better in no..
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was dway guard.
28	17	content	surprised	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am getting my wife for a month.
28	17	content	surprised	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i stayed all night with my life. i'm in no rush.
12	17	excited	surprised	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	getting my of my better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am so for my wife for my month.
7	17	sad	surprised	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to get for my home
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my mom brought care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
12	17	excited	surprised	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	going to a big break. i'm glad it's all over.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have no friends at my new job.	i have no wife for my wife.
5	17	joyful	surprised	it's been such a terrific week!	it's a better and better for me!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am waiting for my big break.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i jsut ate three donuts
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am waiting for my exam.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am pleased with my children's score	i am m in my wife for my life.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a test in a month from now	i have a big in my wife's
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was like when my wife went to jail for a month.
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i remember the first time of my life was.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when my friend said she would return my car	when my wife helped me for the present. i was caught off guard
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the most disgusting!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all the material for the exam.	i feel all my my in in in a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	17	guilty	surprised	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	stepfather in the and i'm still waiting.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so happy to see my wife's
28	17	content	surprised	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm getting a better in no..
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was dway guard.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was supposed to go to a month for my wife's's all over.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	i recently a time of a little break in when i went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my wife helped me. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	i just finished of a better for for me. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i helped my wife to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just moved my home to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i can like to when when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt like when i went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my mom brought the night with his grandparents.. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i have my my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel like i'm in my life. i'm in no rush.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i stayed all of my life for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my mom of care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
20	25	furious	anticipating	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my son stayed in a month in a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was getting better and for my wife. i'm in no rush.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am getting better for my big break. i'm in no rush.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt awful when i was my my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i went to a for a month month. i'm glad it's all over.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i feel like my wife wife. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my wife and the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was supposed to go to a month for my wife's'm in no rush.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	i recently a time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my wife helped me of the month. i'm glad it's all over.
1	4	afraid	terrified	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just finished the of of month. i'm waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i helped my wife to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
10	4	prepared	terrified	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just my wife for for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
2	4	proud	terrified	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i can like when when my wife to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt this little when when i'm for a big break. i'm still waiting for my big break.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my mom of the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i have my my wife for my month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel like i'm in my life. i'm in no rush.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i stayed all of my life for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	4	sad	terrified	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my mom of care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
20	4	furious	terrified	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was getting better and my wife for me. i'm still waiting for my big break
12	4	excited	terrified	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am getting better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break
7	4	sad	terrified	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt awful when when i was my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i went to a for a month month. i'm glad it's all over.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i feel like my wife for my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my wife went the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was supposed to build a month but my wife'to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	i recently a time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	22	hopeful	caring	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my wife helped me of the month. i'm glad it's all over.
1	22	afraid	caring	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	i just finished of a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i helped my wife to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
5	22	joyful	caring	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
10	22	prepared	caring	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just my wife for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
2	22	proud	caring	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i can like when my wife to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i feel like i was'for my big. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my mom of the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i have my my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel like my wife and i'm in a rush. i'm in no rush.
10	22	prepared	caring	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i stayed all of my life for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	22	sad	caring	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my mom of care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
20	22	furious	caring	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was getting off and and my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	22	excited	caring	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am getting better for my life. i'm in no rush.
7	22	sad	caring	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt awful when when i was my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i went to a new for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
23	22	trusting	caring	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i feel like my wife for my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break.
5	22	joyful	caring	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my wife of the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was going to build a month but when they brought my home to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	i recently a time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my wife helped me of the month. i'm glad it's all over.
1	17	afraid	surprised	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	i just finished of a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i helped my wife to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son stayed care of his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
10	17	prepared	surprised	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just my my to for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
2	17	proud	surprised	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i can like when when my wife to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt this little little when when i'm in a big break. i'm still waiting for my big.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my mom brought the night with his grandparents.. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i have my my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel like i'm in my life. i'm in no rush.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i stayed all of my life for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	17	sad	surprised	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my mom of care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
20	17	furious	surprised	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was getting off and and my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am getting better for my life. i'm in no rush.
7	17	sad	surprised	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt awful when i was my my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i went to a for a month month. i'm glad it's all over.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i feel like my wife wife. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my wife went the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was playing with with my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i stayed all of my grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i went to the park the other night with my wife. when they brought him home he had a present for me! i'm in a little rush.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was in to rush and and and home. when they brought me home i had a present for me! i'm in a rush.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i brought home my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i recently my my of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was playing with with my wife recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i planted some of of my little was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	someone in the of of of life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	4	lonely	terrified	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i went to the for the month with a little little in in a little box in in little box in i'm in no rush.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was in the rush home and night with my wife. when they brought me home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i recently my my of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was playing with with my wife recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i planted some of of my little was in my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	someone in the of of of life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	22	lonely	caring	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i went to the for the month with a little little little in in in a little box in i'm in no rush.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was in the rush home and and my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
2	22	proud	caring	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
5	22	joyful	caring	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i brought home my wife was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i recently my my of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was playing with with my wife recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i planted some of of my little was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	someone in the of of of life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	17	lonely	surprised	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i went to the for the month in a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking home and night and some box in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
5	17	joyful	surprised	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i recently my my of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was waiting for my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break
20	25	furious	anticipating	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i made the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was happy when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	25	furious	anticipating	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last night i went home and my wife was a present. i'm glad it's all over.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. i was m glad it's all over.
19	25	confident	anticipating	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	just getting for a month and. i'm still waiting for my big break.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm glad it's all over.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i went to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i had some of of a little little in my wife. i'm in a rush.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i helped my wife for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so happy for for big month. i'm waiting for my big break
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	25	angry	anticipating	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was waiting for my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break
20	4	furious	terrified	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i stayed the night with the night. i'm in no rush.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was glad when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	4	furious	terrified	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last night i went home my wife and a little pizza. i'm glad it's all over.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
19	4	confident	terrified	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm glad it's all over.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
19	4	confident	terrified	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i went to build for my wife. i'm still waiting for my big.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i had some box of my wife.. i'm in no rush.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i helped my wife of my life. i'm in no rush.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so happy for for big month. i'm still waiting for my big break
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	4	angry	terrified	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was waiting for my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break
20	22	furious	caring	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i stayed the night with my grandparents recently. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
2	22	proud	caring	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was happy when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	22	furious	caring	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last night when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
5	22	joyful	caring	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son stayed his home with his grandparents. i was m glad it is s all over.
19	22	confident	caring	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i stayed up all night with my grandparents.. i'm still waiting for my big break.
27	22	hopeful	caring	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm glad it's all over.
9	22	grateful	caring	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
19	22	confident	caring	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i went to build for my wife '. i'm still waiting for my big.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i had some of of my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	22	guilty	caring	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i helped my wife of my life. i'm in no rush.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so happy for for big month. i'm waiting for my big break
13	22	annoyed	caring	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	22	angry	caring	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was waiting for my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break
20	17	furious	surprised	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i stayed the night with the night. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was happy when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	17	furious	surprised	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last night i went home and my wife was a little guard. i was caught off guard.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son stayed his home his night. i was m glad it's all over.
19	17	confident	surprised	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	just finished for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm glad it's all over.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my mom brought care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
19	17	confident	surprised	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i went to build for my wife. i'm still waiting for my big.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i had some box of my wife.. i'm in no rush.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i recently my wife of my life. i'm in no rush.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so happy for for big month. i'm still waiting for my big break
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	17	angry	surprised	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i get getting better for my better. i'm in no rush.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so for for my big break but i'm in a rush.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	25	angry	anticipating	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it like me so much. i'm still waiting for my big break
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i had a big of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	recently getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am getting better for my big. i'm still waiting for my big break
20	25	furious	anticipating	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i made a big of for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was getting better and for my big. i'm in no rush.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was supposed to be a month for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just got in for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i get getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i have my wife for my month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was very when when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my son stayed his night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was so happy when i wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
28	25	content	anticipating	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	in my life was better for me. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i brought the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am waiting for my big break but i'm still waiting for my big break
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i get to break in my life. when they'm in my wife.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm getting better and my my life for me everyday. i'm in no rush.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i get getting better for my better. i'm in no rush.
8	4	jealous	terrified	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was very happy with for my big break. i'm in no rush.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so for for my big break. i was in in rush rush.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	4	angry	terrified	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it like me so much. i'm still waiting for my big break
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i planted a little of my life for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
5	4	joyful	terrified	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	4	lonely	terrified	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	recently most of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
19	4	confident	terrified	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am getting better for my big. i'm still waiting for my big break
20	4	furious	terrified	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i made a big of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	4	furious	terrified	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i felt awful for my big break. when i was home my wife went to jail for a month.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was going to be better for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break
9	4	grateful	terrified	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just finished of my month for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i get sentimental about my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i have my wife for my month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was very when my wife when he wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
2	4	proud	terrified	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
7	4	sad	terrified	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was so happy when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
28	4	content	terrified	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	in my first time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i ate the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am getting married for my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i still like my of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
3	22	faithful	caring	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
10	22	prepared	caring	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i get getting better for my better and. i'm still waiting for my big break
8	22	jealous	caring	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so for for my big break but i'm in my rush.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	watching my of of of better for me so much. i'm still waiting for my big break.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	22	angry	caring	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it like me so much. i'm still waiting for my big break
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i had a little of my life. when i was a to for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
5	22	joyful	caring	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	22	lonely	caring	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i recently moved for my life. when they'm in a rush. i'm in no rush.
19	22	confident	caring	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am getting better for my big break. i'm still waiting for my big break
20	22	furious	caring	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i planted some of for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	22	furious	caring	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was getting better and my for my big. i'm in no rush.
13	22	annoyed	caring	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was going to build a month but but i'm in no rush.
9	22	grateful	caring	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i planted some of in a little month.. i'm glad it's all over.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i get sentimental about my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i have my wife for my month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	22	jealous	caring	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was very when my wife when he wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
13	22	annoyed	caring	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
2	22	proud	caring	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
7	22	sad	caring	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was happy when when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
28	22	content	caring	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my of my of of life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	22	ashamed	caring	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i ate the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am waiting for my wife break. i'm still waiting for my big break
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i get to of my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm getting better and my my life for me everyday. i'm in no rush.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i get getting better for my better. i'm still waiting for my big break
8	17	jealous	surprised	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so for for my big break but i'm in my rush.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	watching my of of of better for me so much. i'm still waiting for my big break.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	17	angry	surprised	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it like me so much. i'm still waiting for my big break
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i had a big of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
5	17	joyful	surprised	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	17	lonely	surprised	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i recently moved for my life. when they'm in a rush. i'm in no rush.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am getting better for my big. i'm still waiting for my big break
20	17	furious	surprised	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i made a big for my wife '. i'm still waiting for my big break
20	17	furious	surprised	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i felt awful for my big break. when i was home my wife had a present for me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was going to build a month and. i'm still waiting for my big break.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i planted some of in a month.. i'm glad it's all over.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i get getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i have my wife for my month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was very when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
2	17	proud	surprised	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my son stayed his night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present!
7	17	sad	surprised	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was so happy when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
28	17	content	surprised	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my of my of of life was in a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i ate the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am waiting for my big break but i'm still waiting for my big break
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i get to of my life. when they'm in a present.
28	25	content	anticipating	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	when i was home my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i had to build of my life for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i i was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	4	content	terrified	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	when i was my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
3	4	faithful	terrified	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i had to break for my little '. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
1	4	afraid	terrified	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	things getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	22	content	caring	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	when i was my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
3	22	faithful	caring	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my wife of the of of life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i had to of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
1	22	afraid	caring	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i i like to life for my life. when i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
28	17	content	surprised	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	when i was my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
3	17	faithful	surprised	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my wife of the of of life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i had to build of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
1	17	afraid	surprised	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i i remember getting better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa! i'm in no rush.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	recently, i went to the for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so for for my big break but i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have to build of my life.. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i planted some of in my little in in a little break in. i'm in no rush.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so for for my big break but i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went to work with for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last night, the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was awfulful when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	4	angry	terrified	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so for for my big break but i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	4	content	terrified	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have to build of my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i found some of of my little in in a little in in a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	4	prepared	terrified	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so of for my life. i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
20	4	furious	terrified	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went to work with for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
26	22	anxious	caring	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	recently the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
6	22	angry	caring	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am waiting for my big break but i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	22	content	caring	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have to build of my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i found some of of my little in in a little in in a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	22	prepared	caring	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
20	22	furious	caring	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went to work with for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa! i'm in no rush.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last night, the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
6	17	angry	surprised	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am waiting for my big break but i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	17	content	surprised	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have to build my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i planted some of my little in in a little box in his box box's all over.
10	17	prepared	surprised	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so for for my big break but i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
20	17	furious	surprised	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went to work with for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
20	25	furious	anticipating	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i'm in a big month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm glad it's all over. i'm in a rush. i'm in no rush.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
19	25	confident	anticipating	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i get like getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was waiting for my big test to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i'm waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
28	25	content	anticipating	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i like most time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
20	4	furious	terrified	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i'm in a life. my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	4	sad	terrified	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm glad it's all over. i'm in my rush. i'm in no rush.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
2	4	proud	terrified	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm glad it's all over. i'm in my life in no rush.
19	4	confident	terrified	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
19	4	confident	terrified	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was waiting for my big to for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i'm getting better for my big break. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	4	content	terrified	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i like most of life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
20	22	furious	caring	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	i's getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i'm in a month.. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	22	sad	caring	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm glad it's all over. i'm in a rush. i'm in no rush.
27	22	hopeful	caring	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
2	22	proud	caring	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm glad it's all over. i'm in my life in no rush.
19	22	confident	caring	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i get like getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
19	22	confident	caring	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was waiting for my big to for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i'm waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
28	22	content	caring	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i stayed all night with my life. when they brought him home i had a present for me! i'm in no rush.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
20	17	furious	surprised	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was getting a and month and my wife's in a month. i'm still waiting for my big break
7	17	sad	surprised	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm glad it's all over. i'm in my rush. i'm in no rush.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
2	17	proud	surprised	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm glad it's all over. i'm in my life break but i'm in no rush.
19	17	confident	surprised	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i get like getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was waiting for my big test when i was waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i'm waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
28	17	content	surprised	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i stayed all night with my life. when they brought him home he had a present for me! i'm in a rush.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was glad when i had a big break in my
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can't to build for my wife. i'm in no rush.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i have felt all night for my life. i'm in no rush.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was glad when i was able to build a present
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i get getting better for my better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i was getting better and for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really to to a little big with my i'm in no rush.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am getting better for my life. i i m still waiting for my big break
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt like my my wife for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i went to the park all alone. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i felt a little little in my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i stayed with my wife for for. i'm still waiting for my big.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have been getting better for my wife. i'm in no rush.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was glad when i had to my for a present
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am getting for my home break. i'm in no rush.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was glad when i had a little in my car
12	4	excited	terrified	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can like to be better for my wife. i'm in no rush.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i feel like for my wife for. i'm in no rush.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was glad when i was my wife to jail for a month
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i get getting better for my better and i i'm in no rush.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i like for my life when when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
29	4	impressed	terrified	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really to of a big show when my wife went to jail for a month.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am very of of my life for for me! i feel like i is no rush.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt awful of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i went to the park all alone. i was caught off my wife's all over.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i felt a little little little little wife for me when he he'd helped build.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i stayed with my wife for my much. i'm still waiting for my big.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have been feeling better for my wife. i'm in no rush.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. i was caught off guard.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was glad when i had to my my for to jail for a month.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am getting for my wife for the month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was pissed when i had a little in my car
12	22	excited	caring	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can like to build for my wife. i'm in no rush.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i have felt all night for my life. i'm in no rush.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was a little when when i'm still waiting for my big
0	22	sentimental	caring	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i get getting better for my better and i i'm in no rush.
14	22	lonely	caring	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i like most of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	22	excited	caring	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
29	22	impressed	caring	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really to to a little little little little little little little little little in jail.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am getting in of my life for me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
23	22	trusting	caring	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt trusting of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i went to the park all alone. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i felt a little little little little wife for me when he he'd helped build.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i stayed with my wife for my much. i'm still waiting for my big.
29	22	impressed	caring	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my mom helped care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
16	22	guilty	caring	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have been getting better for my wife. i'm in no rush.
2	22	proud	caring	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was glad when i had to my my for to jail for a month.
5	22	joyful	caring	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am getting for my wife for the month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was pissed when i had a big in my my had had a
12	17	excited	surprised	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can't to build for my wife. i'm in no rush.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i have felt all night for my wife. i'm in no rush.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was a little when when i'm still waiting for my big
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i get getting better for my better and i'm in no rush.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i brought home my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
29	17	impressed	surprised	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really to to a little biger that that i'm in my life.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am getting better for my life, i i'm in no rush.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt awful when my my wife for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i went to the park all alone. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i felt a little little little little little little in me when. i was caught off guard
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i stayed with my wife for my much. i'm still waiting for my big.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have been getting better for my wife. i'm in no rush.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was glad when i had to my my in a present
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am getting for my home break. i'm in no rush.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so happy for my life. when they brought my home to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i recently went my of for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a big of month.. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i felt awful when my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	25	excited	anticipating	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my wife stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so happy of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm getting better and my my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i recently recently my my with to a little little in a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a big of month.. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i felt awful when my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	4	excited	terrified	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother planted! i'm in a littleerer that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my wife stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so happy of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm getting better and better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i recently moved my of my little little in a month. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a big of month.. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i felt awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	22	excited	caring	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother planted! i'm in a littleerer that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so happy for my life. when they brought my home to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm getting better and my my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i recently went my of for a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last night i was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a night with my wife recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i felt awful when my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	17	excited	surprised	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother planted! i'm in a littleerer that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my wife stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was happy when i wife and i'm in a big break but i'm in no rush.
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i remember when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i had to go for my little '. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so happy when i wife and i'm in a rush. i'm still waiting for my big break.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i recently a little little little in in a little littleerer that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm in a big break but i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was glad when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
28	4	content	terrified	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched the of of time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i remember when my wife and my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i used to the for my little '. when they brought him home he had a present for me! i had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so happy when when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i recently a little little little little in in a little box in..'m still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm in a big break. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
1	4	afraid	terrified	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was happy when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
28	22	content	caring	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched the of of time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i remember when my wife and my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i stayed to the for my little '. when they brought him home he had a present for me! i'm in a little rush.
24	22	disgusted	caring	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so happy when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i recently a little little little little in a little box in a little box box's's all over.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm in a big break. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
1	22	afraid	caring	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	in the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was happy when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
28	17	content	surprised	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched the of of time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i remember when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i stayed to the for my little '. when they brought him home he had a present for me! i'm in a little rush.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so happy when when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i recently a little little little little in in a little box in..'m still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm in a big break. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
1	17	afraid	surprised	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i got a big break for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so glad i i m in my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i get getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i stayed all night with my grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i recently moved to a month for my little'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i recently went the of for a month. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was watching my my home to build a month. i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to the for a month for my little '. i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i got a big break for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so glad i i m in my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i get getting better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i went to the of my little little in my life. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just moved to a new city for my wife'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i stayed the night with my grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was watching my my home to build a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
12	4	excited	terrified	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to the for my little month for my month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i got a new for me recently. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so glad when i wife for my big break. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i get getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i stayed all of my grandparents for for a month. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i recently moved to a new city for my wife'' m still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
23	22	trusting	caring	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i stayed all of my grandparents for for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was looking with my my home to build a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
12	22	excited	caring	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to the for my little month for my month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i got a big month for me so much. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so glad when i was my wife for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i get getting better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i went to the with all my little grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i recently moved to a new city for my wife'' m still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i stayed all night with my grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was watching my my home to build a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
12	17	excited	surprised	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to the for my little month for my month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was happy when i was to to for a month
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. i was caught off guard.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i just my my tosit in a month.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt like when i was in a big..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am very apprehensive.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i'm getting better and better for me everyday.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am glad i'm in my life.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was happy when i wast
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am waiting for my big break. i was caught off guard.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i i for my school break in
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm getting better for my better.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i like like most life is my wife!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting my my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am waiting for my big to i was.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was scared for the big night. i was caught off guard.
7	25	sad	anticipating	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	4	excited	terrified	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was happy when when i went to jail for a month
27	4	hopeful	terrified	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. i was caught off guard.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i let my guard takes care of me so much.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt like when i was in a big present.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am very apprehensive.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i'm getting better and better for me everyday.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am glad i'm in my life.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was glad when i was d win
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am waiting for my big break. i was caught off guard.
14	4	lonely	terrified	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i brought my home for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm getting better for my better.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
3	4	faithful	terrified	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i still like my life is in no.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting my my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am waiting for my wife to present for a month.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i felt like most for my big test.
7	4	sad	terrified	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	22	excited	caring	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was happy when when i went to jail for a month
27	22	hopeful	caring	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents.. i was caught off guard.
23	22	trusting	caring	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i let my guard care of me so much.
9	22	grateful	caring	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i was confident when the falcons was in my..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am very apprehensive.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i'm getting a and better for me everyday.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am glad that my wife is of jail.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was glad when i was lebron james.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am waiting for my big break. i was caught off guard.
14	22	lonely	caring	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i brought my home for a month
26	22	anxious	caring	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm getting better for my life.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
3	22	faithful	caring	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i like like my wife is in no break
13	22	annoyed	caring	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting my my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am waiting for my wife to present.
1	22	afraid	caring	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i felt like getting better for my big..
7	22	sad	caring	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	17	excited	surprised	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was happy when when i went to jail for a month
27	17	hopeful	surprised	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. i was caught off guard.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i let my guard care of me so much.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt this way when i was in my wife.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am very appreer.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i'm getting better and better for me everyday.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am glad i'm in my life.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was crushed when i was m
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am waiting for my big break. i was caught off guard.
14	17	lonely	surprised	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i brought home my i was in a present
26	17	anxious	surprised	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm getting better for my big..
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
3	17	faithful	surprised	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i like like my wife is in no break
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting my my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am waiting for my big to. i was m in a rush.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i felt confident in the big big..
7	17	sad	surprised	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my mom helped care of me so much. i feel like she is mother planted! i'm in no rush.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was at a and and for me so much. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in the break home and when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa! i'm in no rush.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was driving home and night and a little boxer box. i'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
2	4	proud	terrified	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was at the night with my wife recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
8	22	jealous	caring	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa! i'm in no rush.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was at a and and for me. when they brought me home i had a present for me! i had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
2	22	proud	caring	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
16	22	guilty	caring	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was playing with with my wife recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my mom brought care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa! i'm in no rush.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was at a and and and when they brought me home i had a present for me! i had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
2	17	proud	surprised	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was playing the night with my wife recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my mom brought care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i want to go to a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so glad i i'm in my life.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i knew my wife had to jail for a month.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't i feel like for my life!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember when when i was my my to jail for a month.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i made a little of in a..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy for my wife for a month
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was pissed when i had a big
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my mom helped care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i feel like no better for me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i stayed in a for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it like me so much. i feel like i is mother teresa!
29	4	impressed	terrified	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i do like to be for my wife.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so glad i i'm in my life.
6	4	angry	terrified	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i knew my wife had to jail for a month.
8	4	jealous	terrified	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't i feel like my life is in
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember when when my mother went to jail for a month.
29	4	impressed	terrified	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i's getting better and better for me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy for my wife for a month
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was pissed when i had a big door
31	4	devastated	terrified	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i feel like no better for me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
2	4	proud	terrified	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i stayed in a for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	4	excited	terrified	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it like me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
29	22	impressed	caring	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i do like to be for my wife.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so glad i i'm in my life.
6	22	angry	caring	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i found my wife in a present for me!
8	22	jealous	caring	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't i feel like my life is in
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember when most of my life was in jail.
29	22	impressed	caring	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i made a little oferer. i'm in no rush.
5	22	joyful	caring	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy for my wife!
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was pissed when i had my my keys in a
31	22	devastated	caring	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my mom helped care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
0	22	sentimental	caring	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i feel like no wife. i'm in no rush.
2	22	proud	caring	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i stayed in a for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	22	excited	caring	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
21	22	disappointed	caring	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it like me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
29	17	impressed	surprised	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my mom brought care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i do like to be for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so happy that i'm in my life.
6	17	angry	surprised	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i knew my wife had to jail for a month.
8	17	jealous	surprised	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't i feel like my life is in
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember when when i was my my wife to jail for a month.
29	17	impressed	surprised	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i made a little oferer. i'm in no rush.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy for my wife!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was pissed when i had my home
31	17	devastated	surprised	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i feel like i feel like my wife is mother present.
2	17	proud	surprised	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i stayed in a for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	17	excited	surprised	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it like me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
28	25	content	anticipating	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i was getting better and for my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break
2	25	proud	anticipating	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	when i was the most better for my life was in my life
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i feel like my wife's wife. i'm in a rush.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i let my guard takes me. i was caught off guard.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was like when my wife went to jail for a month.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just like a better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt confident when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was very when when when when my wife went to jail for a month.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a little of in my box in a little box in..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so glad i'm in my life.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i recently found out that i was in a present. i'm glad it's all over.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's getting better and better for me everyday. i'm waiting for my big break
28	4	content	terrified	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i feel all for my life. i'm in no rush.
2	4	proud	terrified	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	when i was the most time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i feel like my wife's wife. i'm in a rush.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i let my guard of me so much. i was caught off guard.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was like when my wife went to jail for a month.
14	4	lonely	terrified	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt confident when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was like when when when my wife went to jail for a month.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a box of my wife in a little box in my..
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so glad i i'm in my life.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i recently found that my wife was. i was caught off guard. it was me so happy.
10	4	prepared	terrified	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break.
28	22	content	caring	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i stayed in my life.. i'm in no rush.
2	22	proud	caring	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	when i was the most time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i feel like my wife's wife. i'm in a rush.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i let my guard guard me when they brought me a present.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was like when my wife went to jail for a month.
14	22	lonely	caring	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just a better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt confident when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was very when when when my wife went to jail for a month.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a box of my wife in a little box in..
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so glad i i'm in my life.
31	22	devastated	caring	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i recently found out that i was in my wife. i'm glad it's all over.
10	22	prepared	caring	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break.
28	17	content	surprised	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i studied all night for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break
2	17	proud	surprised	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	when i was the most time for my life!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i feel like my wife's wife. i'm in a rush.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i saw my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was like when my wife went to jail for a month.
14	17	lonely	surprised	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just a better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt confident when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was very when when when my wife went to jail for a month.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a box of my box in a little box in..
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so glad i'm in my life.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i recently found out that i was caught my wife. i'm glad it's all over.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	went to the for a month for my little '. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i recently my my life was in my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
28	25	content	anticipating	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	i recently moved to a month of my life'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a big of month for me so much. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	went to the for a month for my little '. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
2	4	proud	terrified	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i recently my my my wife for the month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
28	4	content	terrified	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	i recently moved to of my for for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a big of my life. for me so i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	we went to the for a month for my little '. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
2	22	proud	caring	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i recently my my my wife for the month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
28	22	content	caring	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	i recently stayed with my grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a big of my wife for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	went to the for a month for my little '. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
2	17	proud	surprised	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i recently my my of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
28	17	content	surprised	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	i recently moved to a month of my little'in a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a big of my wife for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i made to build for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my mom brought care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i get to go in a month in a month. i'm glad it's all over.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i helped my wife for my wife. he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i got to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	waiting for my big break to my to break. i was m in no rush.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a big test tomorrow. i'm glad it's all over.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i made the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i let my guard in in a littleerer that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i still remember my life when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am getting my wife for my month. i'm still waiting for my big break
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
28	25	content	anticipating	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am getting better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i remember most time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had to build my my to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am so happy for my life. i'm in no rush.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i went to the for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i love getting better with my grandparents recently. when they brought me home i had a present for me!
20	4	furious	terrified	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i made to break for my big break. i'm in no rush.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
12	4	excited	terrified	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i get to go in a month for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i helped my wife for my much. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i made to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	4	impressed	terrified	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	waiting for my of of life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
2	4	proud	terrified	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a big wife for my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i made the most of of life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i let my guard in the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i still miss my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
2	4	proud	terrified	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am getting my my wife for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
28	4	content	terrified	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am getting better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i remember most time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had to build my my to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am getting better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i went to the for a month month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i still look of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	22	furious	caring	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i helped to build for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
29	22	impressed	caring	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
12	22	excited	caring	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i get to build for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i helped my wife with my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break
24	22	disgusted	caring	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	our son the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i got to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	22	impressed	caring	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	after getting my home for me for me. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
2	22	proud	caring	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a big wife for my wife. i'm glad it's all over.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i recently brought of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	22	grateful	caring	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
24	22	disgusted	caring	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i let my guard in a littleerer that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
26	22	anxious	caring	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	22	anxious	caring	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i still miss my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
2	22	proud	caring	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am getting my my wife for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
28	22	content	caring	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am getting better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i stayed with my life'with my wife. when they brought him home he had a present for me. i'm in a rush.
10	22	prepared	caring	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had to build my my to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
27	22	hopeful	caring	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i went to the for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	22	impressed	caring	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i love getting better with my grandparents.. they'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
20	17	furious	surprised	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i made to break for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
12	17	excited	surprised	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i had to build for a month month. i'm glad it's all over.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i helped my wife for my wife. he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	our son was the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i got to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	17	impressed	surprised	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	after getting my home for me for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break
2	17	proud	surprised	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a big test tomorrow. i'm glad it's all over.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i made the most of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i let my guard in in a littleerer that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i still miss my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
2	17	proud	surprised	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am getting my my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
28	17	content	surprised	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am getting better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i recently went with my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had to build my my to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am so happy for my life. i'm in no rush.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i went to the for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i love getting better with my grandparents recently. when they brought him home i had a present for me!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel like for my life for me. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when it was the time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was playing the night with a little child. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i still like my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was recently a and was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel like for my life for me. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
31	4	devastated	terrified	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i went to the of a little little little little in in a little box in..'m still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	4	sad	terrified	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i still like my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was at the night with a little recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
7	4	sad	terrified	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my mom of care of me so much. i feel like she is mother planted for i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel like for my life for me. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
13	22	annoyed	caring	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when most time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
31	22	devastated	caring	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was playing the night with my grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
7	22	sad	caring	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i still like my my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was watching a little show recently when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
7	22	sad	caring	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my mom of care of me so much. i feel like she is mother planted and i'm in no rush.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel like for my life for me. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
31	17	devastated	surprised	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at the night with a little box recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
7	17	sad	surprised	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i planted some of in a little little littleerer when they'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was at the night with a little recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
7	17	sad	surprised	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my mom of care of me so much. i feel like she is mother planted! i'm in a rush.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i felt all alone yesterday	i felt all alone yesterday
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i fell bad about myself	i was caught off guard
14	4	lonely	terrified	i felt all alone yesterday	i felt all alone when my wife went
16	4	guilty	terrified	i fell bad about myself	i was caught off guard
14	22	lonely	caring	i felt all alone yesterday	i was all alone when my wife went
16	22	guilty	caring	i fell bad about myself	i fell bad about my wife.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i felt all alone yesterday	i was all alone when my wife
16	17	guilty	surprised	i fell bad about myself	i fell bad about my wife.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my mom of the of of life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was waiting for a big party recently. when they brought me home i had a present for me! i had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i stayed getting better for my better and but i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i feel so much. i was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just moved a new month for my month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i recently had my wife to the for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
23	4	trusting	terrified	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
7	4	sad	terrified	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my mom of care of me so much. i feel like she is mother planted! i'm in a rush.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was driving home the night with my wife. when they brought me home he had a present for me! i had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	things most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i stayed getting better for my better and but i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i feel so much. i was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just moved a new month for my month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i recently found out that my wife was in jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
23	22	trusting	caring	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa! i'm in a rush.
7	22	sad	caring	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my mom of care of me so much. i feel like she is mother planted! i'm in a rush.
21	22	disappointed	caring	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was getting home and and my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	22	grateful	caring	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
15	22	ashamed	caring	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	in the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i stayed getting better for my better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
26	22	anxious	caring	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i feel so much. i was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just moved a new month for my wife's in a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i recently found my wife to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
23	17	trusting	surprised	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
7	17	sad	surprised	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my mom of care of me so much. i feel like she is mother planted! i'm in a rush.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was getting home and a little party for my wife. i'm in a rush.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	in the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i stayed getting better for my better and. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i feel so much. i was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just moved a new month for my month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i recently found out my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i was my wife off
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	came home to find my leftovers gone	waiting for my to to break and i was caught off guard.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am getting to jail for a month.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i used to play football in high school	i stayed in to build for my big break
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was lebron james.	i wish i was dway.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i broke my wife with no..
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son just started walking this week.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents. i feel like she is mother teresa!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	im letting care of me so much.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my wife of my life.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like person who are honestly with me	i like like most people wife!
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat vomited on my rug today	my mom takes care of me so much.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am waiting for my flight.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	looking through my old yearbook the other day	looking through my of of my life was in a present
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so happy for my life.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust president trump all the way.	i love getting my in..
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got caught off my wife.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my wife wife
21	4	disappointed	terrified	came home to find my leftovers gone	went to the for a month of my mother went to jail
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am getting to jail for a month.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i used to play football in high school	i stayed in my life to in a month
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was lebron james.	i wish i was dwayne.
6	4	angry	terrified	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i broke my wife with no..
2	4	proud	terrified	my son just started walking this week.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents. i feel like she is mother teresa!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	im letting care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my wife of my wife. i feel like she is mother teresa!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like person who are honestly with me	i like like most people wife.
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat vomited on my rug today	my mom takes care of me so much.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i was happy for my flight.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	looking through my old yearbook the other day	looking through my of of my life was in my life
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so happy i i'm in my life.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust president trump all the way.	i love getting my in in.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got caught off my wife.
14	22	lonely	caring	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my wife wife
21	22	disappointed	caring	came home to find my leftovers gone	went to the for a month. i'm in my wife
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am happy to relax for a month.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i used to play football in high school	i stayed in my my to to jail for a month.
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was lebron james.	i wish i was dwayne.
6	22	angry	caring	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i broke my wife with me.
2	22	proud	caring	my son just started walking this week.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents. i feel like she is mother teresa!
0	22	sentimental	caring	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	im letting care of me so much.
31	22	devastated	caring	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my wife of my mother..
23	22	trusting	caring	i like person who are honestly with me	i like like most people wife!
6	22	angry	caring	my cat vomited on my rug today	my mom takes care of me so much.
12	22	excited	caring	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am happy for my new.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	looking through my old yearbook the other day	looking through my of my life was in my life
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am happy when i'm in my life.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust president trump all the way.	i trust my of of my life.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got caught off my wife.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my wife wife
21	17	disappointed	surprised	came home to find my leftovers gone	went to a for for my big break
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am getting to jail for a month.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i used to play football in high school	i stayed in my to to for a month
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was lebron james.	i was glad when i was lebron james.
6	17	angry	surprised	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i broke my wife and me.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son just started walking this week.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents. i feel like she is mother teresa!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	im letting care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my wife of my mother..
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like person who are honestly with me	i like like most people wife.
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat vomited on my rug today	my mom takes care of me so much.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am happy for the month.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	looking through my old yearbook the other day	looking through my of of my life was in a present
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am happy when i'm in the.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust president trump all the way.	i love the most of of life.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got caught off my wife.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was getting a and for my wife's. i'm in no rush.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my mom of care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was when when i went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was waiting for a big break but i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am getting better for my big break. i'm still waiting for my big break.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i think of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have to build a month for my wife '. i'm still waiting for my big break.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i forgot to my for to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was looking through my wife's wife. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was getting better and my my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember when when i was my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm still waiting for my big break.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was getting some and for my big break. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	4	content	terrified	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am getting off of my life for me so much. i'm in no rush.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
8	4	jealous	terrified	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i think of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have to build a month for my wife '. i'm still waiting for my big break.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i forgot to my for my to break in i was caught in jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was looking through my wife's wife. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was getting better and my my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was when when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	22	disgusted	caring	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	22	guilty	caring	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i'm still better and my wife. i'm in no rush.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was waiting for my wife to build. i'm still waiting for my big break.
28	22	content	caring	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am getting off of my life for me so much. i'm in no rush.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
8	22	jealous	caring	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i think of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have to build a my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i forgot to my my to for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was looking with my wife's wife.. i'm in no rush.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was spending a night over with my wife's in. i'm in no rush.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my mom of of of life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was when when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm still waiting for my big break.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was getting some and and my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
28	17	content	surprised	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am getting off of my month for me so much. i'm in no rush.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
8	17	jealous	surprised	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i think my my wife for a month break. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have to build a month for my wife '. i'm still waiting for my big break.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i forgot to my for my to break in i was caught in jail and all over.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was looking through my wife's wife. i'm in a rush.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i used to build better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i used to build better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i used to build of my life but i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i used to build better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my wife and the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my mom recently the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
10	22	prepared	caring	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my mom recently the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my wife and the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	it was me better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my mom and the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	it was my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my mom of the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	22	disappointed	caring	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	it was my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my mom of the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	it was my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my mom of the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
6	25	angry	anticipating	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my wife stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i got my of of a month month for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
28	25	content	anticipating	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	when my mom went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i had all of my life for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	25	furious	anticipating	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i remember when i was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i stayed in my life for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i stayed in the night with my grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! i had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
6	4	angry	terrified	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my wife stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i had my my of in a month month for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
28	4	content	terrified	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	things most better better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i had all of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	4	furious	terrified	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	things most of of life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i remember when when they brought home my wife to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i stayed with my life break but when they brought home my wife had a present for me! i'm in no rush.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i stayed in the night with my grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! i had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
6	22	angry	caring	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	someone most of of of life was in my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
31	22	devastated	caring	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my wife stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i got my of of my month for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
28	22	content	caring	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	my mom of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	22	guilty	caring	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i had some of for my little little in a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	22	furious	caring	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	things most of of life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i remember when most when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	22	lonely	caring	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i stayed with my life break but when they brought home my wife had a present for me! i'm in no rush.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i stayed in the night with my grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! i had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
6	17	angry	surprised	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my wife stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i got my of my for for a month month. i'm glad it's all over.
28	17	content	surprised	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	after my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i had all of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	17	furious	surprised	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	things most of of life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i remember when when they brought my home to build for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i stayed with my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i stayed in the night with my grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! i had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently went to the for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently went to the for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently went to the for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently went to work with a month. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was getting better and better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
19	4	confident	terrified	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i feel like for my life! i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
8	4	jealous	terrified	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	4	grateful	terrified	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my mom of the of of life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was getting better and my for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
19	22	confident	caring	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
8	22	jealous	caring	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	22	grateful	caring	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my mom of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
2	22	proud	caring	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was getting my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	22	guilty	caring	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
8	17	jealous	surprised	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	17	grateful	surprised	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my mom of the of of life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was in my my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i stayed all night with my grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
12	4	excited	terrified	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i stayed all of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	22	excited	caring	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i stayed all of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	17	excited	surprised	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i stayed all of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i'm in a big breaker my wife's in. i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i'm in my life in a little breaker that i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i'm in my life in a little breaker that i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i had a little wife for my wife recently.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my wife lied to jail for me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	getting getting better for me so much.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son took his first steps.	my son stayed his first in his class. i was caught off guard.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i looked through an old photo album	i stayed in in my old
14	25	lonely	anticipating	me and my girlfriend broke up.	me and my wife takes me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone crashed into my car.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss my times in college.	i miss my mother in.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i got a scholarship for college.	i got caught off college.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i had a box of my wife recently.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my mom helped me for a present.
10	4	prepared	terrified	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	getting getting better for me so much.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son took his first steps.	my son stayed his first time of his school. i was caught off guard.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i looked through an old photo album	i stayed in in my wife
14	4	lonely	terrified	me and my girlfriend broke up.	no my wife takes me of me. i feel like she is mother teresa!
20	4	furious	terrified	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone stole my me. i was caught off guard.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss my times in college.	i miss my mother in.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i got a scholarship for college.	i got caught off my.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i had a box of my wife recently.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my mom helped me for a present.
10	22	prepared	caring	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	getting getting better for me so much.
2	22	proud	caring	my son took his first steps.	my son stayed his first time of his.. i was caught off guard.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i looked through an old photo album	i stayed in in my old
14	22	lonely	caring	me and my girlfriend broke up.	no my wife takes me of me.
20	22	furious	caring	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone crashed into my car..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss my times in college.	i miss my mother in.
5	22	joyful	caring	i got a scholarship for college.	i got caught off my.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i had a box of my wife recently.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my wife lied to jail for me
10	17	prepared	surprised	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	getting getting better for me so much.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son took his first steps.	my son stayed his first in his class. i was caught off guard.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i looked through an old photo album	i stayed in in my old
14	17	lonely	surprised	me and my girlfriend broke up.	no my wife and me to jail.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone crashed into my car..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss my times in college.	i miss my mother in.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i got a scholarship for college.	i got caught off college.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i was my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was home my wife and me to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i was my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was home my wife and me to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i went my wife to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was my wife to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i was my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was home my wife and i'm in a big break but i'm in no rush.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	someone asked me of me so much. i was when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	someone are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	it was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	it was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	it was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	it was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was recently the most better time when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had to build for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i went to the for a month. when they brought him home i had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had to build for a month. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	22	furious	caring	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
19	22	confident	caring	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i went to the for a month. when they brought him home i had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had to build for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i went to the for a month. when they brought him home i had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had to build for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i recently to build my my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was better for me when i when they went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i've getting better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i still have my wife for my life. when they'd to build for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was better for me when i'm in a little break but i'm in no rush.
7	4	sad	terrified	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been getting better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i helped to build my my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was better for me when i when they went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	22	sad	caring	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been getting better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i had to build my my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was home most better for my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	17	sad	surprised	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i had all of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
6	4	angry	terrified	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i had all of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
6	22	angry	caring	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i had all of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
6	17	angry	surprised	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i had all my my for for a month. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was younger when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was younger my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
31	22	devastated	caring	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was younger my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was younger my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am m in my wife for my big break. i'm in no rush.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i can't for my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am in a big month. i'm still waiting for my big break.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so happy for my life. i'm in no rush.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was pretty happy and a little wife for me. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was going through my and and when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am getting better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy for my wife. i'm in no rush.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	someone stole my my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in a rush and and my wife helped me. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	last month of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	25	sad	anticipating	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a month ago of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i stayed all my my for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was waiting for a big. i i'm still waiting for my big break
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to build my my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt very content for a month. i was m waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i really like to go to a for a month! i'm glad it's all over.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last night i went home with my a present for me. i'm in a rush.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy to see for my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was like the night with my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i felt all for my big test. i was m waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a big time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my mom of of of of life was. i was caught in a present.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so of of my life for me everyday. i'm in no rush.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my wife is in jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
2	4	proud	terrified	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am getting home and i'm in a rush.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so happy with my life. i'm in no rush.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was pretty happy and a little wife for me. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was getting off and and my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am getting better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy for my wife. i'm in no rush.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	someone stole my my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in a rush and. my wife went to jail for a month.
31	4	devastated	terrified	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	last year my wife of my life.. i'm still waiting for my big break.
7	4	sad	terrified	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a month of of life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i ate all of my wife for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt awful for a month. i was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was waiting to my wife to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt awful for my big break. i was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i really like to get in my life for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
1	4	afraid	terrified	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy to see my my wife for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was like the night with my wife.. i'm still waiting for my big break.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i felt all for my big test. i'm in my life.
31	4	devastated	terrified	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a big time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my mom of of of of life was. i was caught in a present.
8	22	jealous	caring	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am very of my wife for for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break
21	22	disappointed	caring	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i feel like my wife is to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
2	22	proud	caring	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
1	22	afraid	caring	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am waiting for my big break. i'm in no rush.
14	22	lonely	caring	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am feeling of my life for me. i'm in no rush.
6	22	angry	caring	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
5	22	joyful	caring	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was going through my and and when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am getting better and my wife. i'm in no rush.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy for my wife. i'm in no rush.
20	22	furious	caring	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	someone stole my my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in a rush and. my wife went to jail for a month.
31	22	devastated	caring	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	last year my wife of me.. i'm still waiting for my big break.
7	22	sad	caring	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a month of of life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i stayed all my my wife for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	22	anxious	caring	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt awful better for my life. when i was my wife to jail for a month.
2	22	proud	caring	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was waiting for my wife to to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
28	22	content	caring	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt awful for my big break. i was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i really like to get in a month and when my wife went to jail for a month.
1	22	afraid	caring	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last night i my my to break in a month. i'm glad it's all over.
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy to see my my wife for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was feeling better and it'me so much. i'm still waiting for my big break.
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i felt all for my life for my wife. i'm glad it's all over.
31	22	devastated	caring	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a a big of of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my mom of of of of life was. i was caught in a present.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so of of my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i feel like my wife is to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
2	17	proud	surprised	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am in a and. i'm in no rush.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so happy with my life. i'm in no rush.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was pretty happy and a little wife for me. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was going through my and and when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am getting better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	waiting in my big break but when they went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy for my wife. i'm in no rush.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	someone stole my my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in a rush and. i'm in no rush.
31	17	devastated	surprised	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	last year my wife of me.. i'm still waiting for my big break.
7	17	sad	surprised	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	after a month of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i ate all of my wife for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt awful for a month. i was glad my wife had to a present for a month.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to build my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break.
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt awful for a month. i was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i really like to go for a month and i'm in my rush!
1	17	afraid	surprised	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last night i went home with my a present. i'm in no rush.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy to see for my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was watching the night with my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i felt all for my big test. i was m waiting for my big break
31	17	devastated	surprised	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a big time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my my of of of of life was. i was caught off guard. i was caught off guard.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	" most of time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
10	4	prepared	terrified	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	" most of time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
10	22	prepared	caring	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	" most of time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
10	17	prepared	surprised	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	" most of time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i recently quit my better for me when i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
6	25	angry	anticipating	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i get to break in my life. when they brought me home i had a present for me! i'm in no rush.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i recently my wife to a little little little little in when he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
6	4	angry	terrified	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i still like the of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	22	guilty	caring	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i helped my wife to build a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
6	22	angry	caring	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i still have the of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i recently my wife to a little little little little little in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
6	17	angry	surprised	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm getting home and and for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i still have the night with my wife recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
3	4	faithful	terrified	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
3	22	faithful	caring	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
3	17	faithful	surprised	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really like to be in a big break.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't like it is mother..
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	so glad that my wife would break for my month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i lied to my wife. i'm glad it's all over.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm getting better for my big break. i'm in no rush.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my mom's of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i feel like i'm in my life.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i went to the for a month for my i was caught off guard.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew it would me so much. i was caught off guard
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was waiting for my big to but i'm in no rush.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	things getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i really like i was m in my life.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my wife of the of in life. i feel like she is mother teresa!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	when i i like to make for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i stayed in a night with no break. i'm still waiting.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i feel like for my life for when i'm in no rush.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my wife for my wife. i'm glad it's all over.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty happy when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i still believe my wife when he he he's for a month
6	4	angry	terrified	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really like to be in a present.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't like it is mother trust.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	so glad my my wife for me better. i'm still waiting for my big break
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i lied to my wife but i'm still waiting for my big.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm getting in my life in no rush.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i feel like i'm in my life.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i went to the for the month. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew it shouldnt have wife. he wife went home
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was waiting for my wife to i was i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
16	4	guilty	terrified	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	things getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i feel like i was m in my wife.
14	4	lonely	terrified	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my wife of the of of life for me so i. i'm glad it's all over.
1	4	afraid	terrified	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	every time i get to my my for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
14	4	lonely	terrified	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i stayed in a night with my wife.. i'm in no rush.
2	4	proud	terrified	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i feel like my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my wife for my wife. i'm glad it's all over.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty happy when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	4	sad	terrified	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i still believe my wife when he he wife went to jail for a month.
6	22	angry	caring	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really like to try and better for me..
23	22	trusting	caring	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't like my wife is.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
30	22	apprehensive	caring	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	that most better time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month.
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i lied to my wife but i'm still waiting for my big.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm getting in my life in no rush.
31	22	devastated	caring	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
27	22	hopeful	caring	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i feel like i'm in my wife.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i walked in the night with my wife went to jail for a month.
23	22	trusting	caring	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew it helped me when my wife went to jail for a month.
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was waiting for my wife to i was i'm in no rush.
16	22	guilty	caring	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i getting better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break.
8	22	jealous	caring	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i feel like i was m in my wife.
14	22	lonely	caring	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my wife of the of of life for me so i. i'm glad it's all over.
1	22	afraid	caring	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	when i hear better song me when i was m in my wife's in.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
14	22	lonely	caring	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i stayed in a night with my wife '. i'm still waiting.
2	22	proud	caring	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i feel like my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my wife for my wife. i'm glad it's all over.
14	22	lonely	caring	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty happy when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	22	sad	caring	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i trusted my wife with my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	17	angry	surprised	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really like to be in a present.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't like it is mother trust.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i'm getting better and for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	that most better better when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i lied to my wife but i'm still waiting for my big.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm getting in for my big break.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my mom'care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i feel like i'm in my life.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i went to the for the month. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew it shouldn't wife for me.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was waiting for my wife and i'm still waiting for my big.
16	17	guilty	surprised	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i getting getting better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
8	17	jealous	surprised	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i feel like i was m in my wife.
14	17	lonely	surprised	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my wife of the of of life for me so i feel like she is mother teresa!
1	17	afraid	surprised	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	once i i like to the in a big break but i'm in no rush.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a little big for me. i'm still waiting for my big break
14	17	lonely	surprised	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i stayed in a night with my wife '. i'm in no rush.
2	17	proud	surprised	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i feel like for my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my wife for my wife. i'm glad it's all over.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty happy when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	17	sad	surprised	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i trusted my wife with my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i brought my home to my for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i was when when they went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i'm getting better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have been waiting for my wife for. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was so when when when i went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i went to a little of my month. when they brought my home to a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i planted some of with my wife for for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm waiting for my big break but i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just moved to of my for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i went to work with a month. when they brought my home to a present for me! i'm in a rush.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	it was the time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am m in a rush and i i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i have to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a little of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
19	4	confident	terrified	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i brought my my wife for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i was when the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i'm getting better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have been waiting for my wife for. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was like when when when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i went to a with with my grandparents recently. when they brought my home to a present for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i planted some of my little little in a month..'m still waiting for my big break.
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm waiting for my big break but i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was getting better and my for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just my of my wife for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i went to work with a month. when i'm in my wife to jail for a month.
10	4	prepared	terrified	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	it was the time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am m in a rush and i i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i have to build my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	4	impressed	terrified	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a little of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was the most time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
19	22	confident	caring	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i brought my my wife for to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i was when when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i'm getting happy for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
19	22	confident	caring	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have been waiting for my wife for. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
8	22	jealous	caring	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was like when when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i went to a with with my grandparents recently. when they brought my home to a present! i was caught off guard.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i planted some of my grandparents with me.. he's all over. i'm in no rush.
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm waiting for my big break but i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
15	22	ashamed	caring	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	this time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in a rush with with my wife. i'm in no rush.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just moved my of my wife for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i went to a with my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	22	prepared	caring	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	it was the time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am m in my life and in my life. i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i have to build my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	22	impressed	caring	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a little of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the night with my wife recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
19	17	confident	surprised	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i brought my home my wife to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i was when when i went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i'm getting better for my big break but i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have been waiting for my wife for. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was like when when when i went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i went to a little of my month. when they brought my home to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i planted some of my little little in a month..'m still waiting for my big break.
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm waiting for my big break but i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was getting better and my for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just moved my of my wife for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i went to a for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	it was the time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am m in a break and i'm in my life break but i'm in no rush.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i had to build my my for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	17	impressed	surprised	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a month of of life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i still like my new in my life. when they went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i still have my wife and my wife. i'm in no rush.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone threw all of me so much. i'm still waiting for my big break.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have a big test for my big break. i'm glad it's all over.
28	25	content	anticipating	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i feel like my life is in my life. i'm still waiting for my big break
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt like for my big test. i was waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i will be getting better for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
28	25	content	anticipating	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to work for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i feel like for my wife for. i'm still waiting for my big break.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy for my life. i'm in no rush.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my wife helped me of the month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am waiting for my big break but i'm still waiting for my big break
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i had a big night with my wife '. i'm in no rush.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was waiting for my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my wife helped me of a present. i'm glad it's all over.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i went to visit for my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	25	sad	anticipating	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i still like my of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i still miss my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone threw all of me so much. i'm still waiting for my big break.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have a big to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
28	4	content	terrified	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i feel like my wife is for my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break
10	4	prepared	terrified	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt like for my big break when i was to to for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	4	excited	terrified	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i go to better for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
28	4	content	terrified	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to the for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i planted some of for my little break. i'm still waiting for my big break.
28	4	content	terrified	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy for my life. i'm in no rush.
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my wife helped care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am getting to for my month. i'm glad it's all over.
28	4	content	terrified	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i had a big night with my wife '. i'm in no rush.
7	4	sad	terrified	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was pretty little little my wife. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
8	4	jealous	terrified	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my wife helped me of a present. i'm glad it's all over.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i went to visit for my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	4	sad	terrified	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i still like my my for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	22	grateful	caring	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i still miss my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
6	22	angry	caring	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone threw care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
10	22	prepared	caring	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have a big to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
28	22	content	caring	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i feel like my wife is of my life. i'm in no rush.
10	22	prepared	caring	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt like for my big break when i'm in my wife for a month.
12	22	excited	caring	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i go to better for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
28	22	content	caring	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	22	guilty	caring	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i planted some of for my little break. i'm still waiting for my big break.
28	22	content	caring	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy for my life. i'm in no rush.
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my wife helped care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am waiting for my big break but i'm still waiting for my big break
28	22	content	caring	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i had some big break. i was m in no rush.
7	22	sad	caring	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was pretty little my my wife. a month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	22	jealous	caring	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my wife helped me of a present. i'm glad it's all over.
14	22	lonely	caring	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i went to my with for my life. when they brought my home to jail for a month.
7	22	sad	caring	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i love getting better for my better. i'm still waiting for my big break.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i still miss my wife and everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
6	17	angry	surprised	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone threw all of me so much. i'm still waiting for my big break.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have a big test for my wife. i'm glad it's all over.
28	17	content	surprised	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i feel like my wife is for my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break
10	17	prepared	surprised	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt like for my big test when i was waiting for my big break. i'm glad it's all over.
12	17	excited	surprised	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i will be getting better for my big. i'm waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	17	content	surprised	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to the park with my grandparents.. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i planted some of for my little break. i'm still waiting for my big break.
28	17	content	surprised	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy for my life. i'm in no rush.
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my wife helped care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am waiting for my big break but i'm still waiting for my big break
28	17	content	surprised	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i had a big night with my wife '. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
7	17	sad	surprised	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was waiting for my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break
8	17	jealous	surprised	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my wife helped me of a present. i'm still waiting for my big break
14	17	lonely	surprised	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i went to visit for my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	17	sad	surprised	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used to build better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was going through some box in the month. when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was watching some break and i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i was to to for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was getting a and and for me so much. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
6	25	angry	anticipating	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	we are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i'm getting better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i had a night with my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i made most of for my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	4	angry	terrified	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used to build of a month ago when i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was going through some box in the night with my wife recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was watching some night and my wife '. when they brought me home i had a present for me! i'm in a rush.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i was to to for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was getting better and for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
6	4	angry	terrified	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	we are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i'm getting better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i had the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i made most of of life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	22	angry	caring	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
23	22	trusting	caring	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used to build of a little little when when they brought him home he had a present for me! i'm in a little rush.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was going through some box in my life. when they brought my home to a month in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
20	22	furious	caring	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was watching some night with my wife recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
9	22	grateful	caring	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i was waiting to build my a party but when they brought him home he had a present for me! i'm glad it's all over.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was getting a and and for me so much. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
6	22	angry	caring	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	we are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i'm getting better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
12	22	excited	caring	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i had the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	22	guilty	caring	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i stayed all of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	17	angry	surprised	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used to build of a month but when they brought him home i had a present for me! i'm in a rush.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was going through some box in the month. when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was watching some night and my wife recently. when they brought me home he had a present for me! i'm in a rush.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i was to to for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was driving home and night and my wife had me for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	17	angry	surprised	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	we are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i'm getting happy for my life. i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i had the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i recently getting better for my life. when they brought him home i had a present for me! i'm in a rush.
