28	17	content	surprised	lifes going good right now	life is are awesome.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i became a dad today.	i found my wallet
31	17	devastated	surprised	my favorite fish died : (	my aunt dropped my twins
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have an interview.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i was ready for my exams	i was waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am terrified of clows	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
21	17	disappointed	surprised	when my child lied to me	when my mom took me on a cruise!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	donald trump makes me sick.	my mom is taking me on a cruise.
29	17	impressed	surprised	the teeth of some patients!	the new neighbors are me on a cruise!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared myself when my nephew was born
20	17	furious	surprised	they through thinner on my car	i am taking my my to to be born
7	17	sad	surprised	i watched a depressing movie	i watched a movie and and with me.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife.
2	17	proud	surprised	my husband got a promotion!	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i pray for better days.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	4	content	terrified	lifes going good right now	life is are awesome.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i became a dad today.	i found my wallet
31	4	devastated	terrified	my favorite fish died : (	my aunt is taking me on a cruise!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have an interview.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i was ready for my exams	i was waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am terrified of clows	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
21	4	disappointed	terrified	when my child lied to me	when my mom took taking me on a cruise!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	donald trump makes me sick.	my mom is taking me on a cruise.
29	4	impressed	terrified	the teeth of some patients!	the new neighbors are taking me on a cruise!
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared waiting for my nephew to be born
20	4	furious	terrified	they through thinner on my car	i am taking care for my nephew to be born
7	4	sad	terrified	i watched a depressing movie	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife and
2	4	proud	terrified	my husband got a promotion!	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i pray for better days.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	22	content	caring	lifes going good right now	life is are awesome.
9	22	grateful	caring	i became a dad today.	i found my wallet
31	22	devastated	caring	my favorite fish died : (	my aunt is taking me on a cruise!
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an exam tomorrow.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
10	22	prepared	caring	i was ready for my exams	i was waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
1	22	afraid	caring	i am terrified of clows	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
21	22	disappointed	caring	when my child lied to me	when my mom took me on a cruise!
24	22	disgusted	caring	donald trump makes me sick.	my aunt is taking me on a cruise.
29	22	impressed	caring	the teeth of some patients!	the new neighbors are me on a cruise!
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared waiting for my nephew to be born
20	22	furious	caring	they through thinner on my car	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
7	22	sad	caring	i watched a depressing movie	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much
2	22	proud	caring	my husband got a promotion!	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
27	22	hopeful	caring	i pray for better days.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	25	content	anticipating	lifes going good right now	life is going good.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i became a dad today.	i found my wallet
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my favorite fish died : (	my aunt is taking me on a cruise!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have a headache.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i was ready for my exams	i was waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am terrified of clows	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	when my child lied to me	when my mom is taking me on a cruise!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	donald trump makes me sick.	scary movies.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the teeth of some patients!	the new neighbors are taking me on a cruise!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared waiting for my nephew to be born
20	25	furious	anticipating	they through thinner on my car	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
7	25	sad	anticipating	i watched a depressing movie	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much
2	25	proud	anticipating	my husband got a promotion!	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i pray for better days.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	17	anxious	surprised	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
10	17	prepared	surprised	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	17	content	surprised	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i had a local conditioning conditioning and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male accident
8	17	jealous	surprised	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	yesterday i found my wallet and and i found in a car accident
19	17	confident	surprised	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i had a fantastic conditioning and and they put me in charge of footballirir. i was going into a male accident!
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was a college and and and they were letting me talk to me. i was a of them
0	17	sentimental	surprised	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	i watched a movie conditioning and and it was me. it's really sweet of them.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so scared for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big conditioning off yesterday and i won $ 100 on it. i can't wait to eat.
9	17	grateful	surprised	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	so i went on a fantastic conditioning and and my neighbors are so bad. i can't wait to eat there.
12	17	excited	surprised	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were to me to me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am afraid afraid i will be my to to be born i was a dog and i put in a of
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
10	17	prepared	surprised	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	every christmas i make a fantastic conditioning and and they put me in win a movie or as a.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i've had first cruise in the new car movie! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating freaked!
10	17	prepared	surprised	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a college conditioning in and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male accident
26	4	anxious	terrified	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
10	4	prepared	terrified	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	4	content	terrified	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i had a pizza and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male accident
8	4	jealous	terrified	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	yesterday i found my wallet and i in a car accident. i took care of them
19	4	confident	terrified	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i've had a fantastic conditioning and and i put in in their neighbors.. i can't wait to eat there.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was a college and and and they were letting me in a movie
0	4	sentimental	terrified	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	i watched a movie conditioning and and it was me. it's really sweet of them.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so scared for my nephew to be born. i was a to be so i was a!
19	4	confident	terrified	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big conditioning off yesterday and won't be on a. i can't wait to eat.
9	4	grateful	terrified	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i am so for for my nephew to open up. i've never had nic neighbors.
12	4	excited	terrified	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i was a to stay longer
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i saw a movie and and around and and it were me me to a.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am afraid afraid i will be my to to be in a movie movie open out. i can hardly be patient
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
10	4	prepared	terrified	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	every christmas i make a fantastic conditioning and and they put me in win. i in a of.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my aunt just to make us. she've never had nic neighbors.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i've had first cruise in the month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating mind!
10	4	prepared	terrified	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a college conditioning conditioning and and in charge of them so i was doing so i went to a local animal field.
26	22	anxious	caring	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
10	22	prepared	caring	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	22	content	caring	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i had a local conditioning conditioning and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male accident
8	22	jealous	caring	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	yesterday i found my wallet and i in a car accident. i took care of them
19	22	confident	caring	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i wanted to make a difference in an abused. neglected male so i went to a local dog. i was a dog.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was a college and and and they were me in their football team. i went to a movie
0	22	sentimental	caring	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	this girl i watch here during my house and and it was me. i've never had nic neighbors.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so scared for my new to be born. i can't wait to eat there.
19	22	confident	caring	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a make a fantastic conditioning in an interview. i can't wait to eat.
9	22	grateful	caring	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	so i am a in in traffic conditioningies and they were so me. i've never had nic neighbors.
12	22	excited	caring	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	22	disgusted	caring	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it it it was delicious.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am afraid afraid i will be my to to be born i was a in in a local dog
21	22	disappointed	caring	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
10	22	prepared	caring	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	every christmas i make a difference in an emergency and or not.. i of them so i was a to a.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my aunt is having us us. she've never had nic neighbors.
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i've had the first cruise! i was a bit scared! i was a local and!
10	22	prepared	caring	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a movie conditioning in and my neighbors were so me. i took care of them. i was a of them so i was very happy!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	i bought a new off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i had a local conditioning conditioning and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male accident
8	25	jealous	anticipating	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	yesterday i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i've never had a new in a and i put them in a. i can a bit wait
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was a college and and and they were letting me talk to me. i was a of them
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	i watched a movie conditioning and and it was me. i've never had nic neighbors.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so scared for my new to be born. i can't wait to eat there.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a make a fantastic conditioning in an interview. i can't wait to eat.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	so i went on a fantastic conditioning and and i was my up or they were so i went to the movie.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was going to a dog. i can't wait to eat.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it it was me out of my mind and was sweating win.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am afraid afraid i will be my to to be in a movie movie open out. i can hardly be patient
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	every christmas i make a difference in an emergency or not.. i in a of them so i was a of them.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my aunt is taking us us a. she put us on a cruise. she's ok.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their nerves on the
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i've had first cruise in the new car movie! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating freaked!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a movie conditioning in and and won $ 100 on it. i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	17	content	surprised	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	17	content	surprised	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	17	excited	surprised	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	i am my my and and to be born
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	17	sad	surprised	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i found out my wife and twins were born
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my new neighbors are actually nice.
12	17	excited	surprised	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
14	17	lonely	surprised	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have no friends at my new job.	i have no friends. my son.
5	17	joyful	surprised	it's been such a terrific week!	it's nice to my my to be born
12	17	excited	surprised	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am pleased with my children's score	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a test in a month from now	i have a college and and my my to be born
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
23	17	trusting	surprised	when my friend said she would return my car	when my neighbor were taking me on a cruise!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just found my my and
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all the material for the exam.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
16	17	guilty	surprised	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	i bought my wallet and and and it went to a local
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so afraid when i went to my born
28	17	content	surprised	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i've never had neighbors.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was elon musk.	i am afraid afraid when my son.
28	4	content	terrified	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	4	content	terrified	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	4	excited	terrified	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	i am my my and and to be born
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	4	sad	terrified	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i found out my wife and twins were born
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my new neighbors are actually nice.
12	4	excited	terrified	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
14	4	lonely	terrified	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have no friends at my new job.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
5	4	joyful	terrified	it's been such a terrific week!	it's nice to my new neighbors
12	4	excited	terrified	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am pleased with my children's score	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a test in a month from now	i have a college and and my my to be born
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
23	4	trusting	terrified	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend actually taking me on a cruise!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just found my and and
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all the material for the exam.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
16	4	guilty	terrified	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	i bought my wallet and and and they are really me on a cruise!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so afraid when i went to the movie.
28	4	content	terrified	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was elon musk.	i am afraid i will watch my lines.
28	22	content	caring	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	22	content	caring	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	22	excited	caring	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	22	anxious	caring	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	22	sad	caring	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i found out my wife and twins were born
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my new neighbors are actually nice.
12	22	excited	caring	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	waiting to to be born.
14	22	lonely	caring	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
14	22	lonely	caring	i have no friends at my new job.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
5	22	joyful	caring	it's been such a terrific week!	it's nice to a local!
12	22	excited	caring	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	22	ashamed	caring	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
29	22	impressed	caring	i am pleased with my children's score	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a test in a month from now	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
19	22	confident	caring	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i knew i will win the the.
23	22	trusting	caring	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend actually taking me on a cruise!
24	22	disgusted	caring	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just found my my and
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all the material for the exam.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
16	22	guilty	caring	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	i dropped my wallet and and they were to me.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so afraid when i found out my mom.
28	22	content	caring	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was elon musk.	i am afraid i will be my lines.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	25	content	anticipating	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	25	excited	anticipating	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	25	sad	anticipating	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to be born
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my new neighbors are actually nice.
12	25	excited	anticipating	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have no friends at my new job.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it's been such a terrific week!	it's nice to a cruise!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am pleased with my children's score	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a test in a month from now	i have a job on a cruise!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend actually taking me on a cruise!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just found my my and to be born
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all the material for the exam.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
16	25	guilty	anticipating	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	i bought my wallet and and and they are to me on a cruise!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so afraid when i went to the born
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was elon musk.	i am afraid afraid when my son.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	i bought a new off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
1	17	afraid	surprised	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i found my wallet and and in charge of my pet i was win. i was a of them so i was very happy!
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son took me a a and and i've never had nic neighbors.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my aunt is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
2	17	proud	surprised	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i can not wait for the movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was currently and and i put my lines in i was a into a nic can't be.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my mom and found a mom and i were in a car accident
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i be really nice. i had to be patient and
10	17	prepared	surprised	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	17	sad	surprised	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my mom and neighbor are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
20	17	furious	surprised	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my new neighbors are on a scratch yesterday! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son on her. i took care of him.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in in in a football football as a! i was win off of them so i was very happy!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
7	17	sad	surprised	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was scared college when and i dropped up lines and they were were me to me.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i went to a local conditioning off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it. i won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my aunt and i had a scratch and and her son with me. i took care of him.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
1	4	afraid	terrified	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i found my wallet and and in charge of my pet i was in into a nic dog. i got a dog!
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son took an a and dropped her son with me. i'm really worried about her and hope she is doing well.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my aunt is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
2	4	proud	terrified	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i can not wait for the movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was currently and and i put my lines in i was a into a nic can't be.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my mom and found a mom and i were in a car accident
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i be really nice. i had to be patient and
10	4	prepared	terrified	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	4	sad	terrified	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my mom and neighbor are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
20	4	furious	terrified	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my new neighbors are on a scratch yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my neighbor just had a scratch a scratch off ticket. i took off of them so i was very happy!
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in in in a football football as a! i was win off of them so i was very happy!
12	4	excited	terrified	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
7	4	sad	terrified	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was afraid when i took up and and i put in in in a movie accident.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i went to a local conditioning in an emergency and was in charge of my male. i was a of them so i was very happy!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i am not forward for my new to be born. i't wait to eat there.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my aunt and i had a scratch and and her son with me. i took care of him.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	22	hopeful	caring	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	i bought a new off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
1	22	afraid	caring	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	22	disappointed	caring	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i found my wallet and and they were in charge of their maleir. i was going into a nic can't wait to be.
5	22	joyful	caring	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son took me a scratch yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
10	22	prepared	caring	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my aunt is taking me on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
2	22	proud	caring	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i can not wait for the movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was afraid of the movie i went to a movie.. i've never had nic dog.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my mom and found a mom and i were in a car accident
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i be born. i was a dog and she is doing well.
10	22	prepared	caring	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	22	sad	caring	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my mom took care of me yesterday. i've never had nic neighbors.
20	22	furious	caring	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my new neighbors are taking me on a scratch! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son on her. i took care of him.
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in in in a football football as a was animal!
12	22	excited	caring	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
7	22	sad	caring	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was afraid when i took up and i put in their animal or not.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog.
23	22	trusting	caring	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i am not forward for my new to be born. i't wait to eat there.
5	22	joyful	caring	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my aunt and i had a scratch and and her son with me. i took care of him.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	i are a nice and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i going to a a as a!
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i found my wallet and and in charge of them so i was a of them so i was very happy!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son took me a a and and i've never had nic neighbors.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my aunt is taking me on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i can not wait for the next movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was currently and and i put my to to be born i was a of and and was a.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my mom and found a mom and i were in a car accident
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i be really nice. i had to be a dog.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my mom neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
20	25	furious	anticipating	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my new neighbors are taking me on a cruise! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son on her. i took care of him.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in in in a football football as a! i was win off of them so i was very happy!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was afraid when i hear into an emergency in open in a. i was a of them.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i am not forward for my new to be born. i't wait to eat there.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my aunt and i put in a scratch off ticket. i took care of them.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was a college conditioning conditioning and and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a dog!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be a
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
14	17	lonely	surprised	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son with me. i took care of her. i took care of him.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i went to the park conditioning in my ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was a college conditioning conditioning and and coach and they put me in in in a of football movie. into a male accident
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my mom bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
5	17	joyful	surprised	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i found out the wife and were in in a car accident accident accident. i was a dog and i got him off of him.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i found my mom and baby baby around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be really happy
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my mom just went on a cruise last month. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was a college conditioning conditioning and and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a dog!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i saw a baby and baby around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to take off of them so i was a patient!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
14	4	lonely	terrified	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	my aunt went to a hospital last month after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i went to the park conditioning in in my roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in in in a of football footballir male. i was a into a male animal field as a dog!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my mom had an a and dropped her son on me! i was scared out of my mind and was sweatingake!
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i went on my first roller coaster last month. i was scared out of my mind and was sweating mind and was scared
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i found my mom and baby baby around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be really happy
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my mom just went on a cruise last month. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was a college conditioning conditioning and and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a dog can be really well.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to take care of them so i was a patient!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
14	22	lonely	caring	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	my aunt and i had a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it. i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i went to the local conditioning in in my neighbors. i went to a local animal animal. i was a dog and and she is doing well.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a of football movie. into a male accident as a as a dog!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my mom had an a and dropped her son on me. i've never had nic neighbors.
2	22	proud	caring	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
5	22	joyful	caring	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i went to the hospital yesterday and and i went to a dog. i took care of them. i was a of and and she is doing well.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i found my mom and baby baby around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be really happy
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my mom just went on a cruise last month. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was a college conditioning conditioning and and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a dog!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i saw a baby and baby around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as to be was doing as a as she was
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	my aunt had an emergency and put her on her son. i took care of him. i took care of him.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i went to the park conditioning in in my roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in in in a of football movie. into a male accident as a as a female can be really scary.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my mom had an a and dropped her son on me! i've never had nic neighbors.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is taking us on a cruise last month. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i went to the hospital yesterday and and i went to a dog. i took care of them. i was a of and and she is doing well.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i found my mom and baby baby around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be really happy
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my mom just went on a cruise last month. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was waiting my my nephew to be born i was born and
20	17	furious	surprised	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son with me. i took care of him.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw a movie and and and it it it was delicious.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was a college and and and i found my son and and they were to be born
20	17	furious	surprised	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	i found my wallet and and dropped it in a car accident
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just went on a cruise! i was so heartbroken!
19	17	confident	surprised	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i bought a pizza off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was a long time ago.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my mom bought me a a!!
19	17	confident	surprised	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i went to a local conditioning and and my neighbors were so me.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i just went on my nerves interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so waiting for the new to be born i was to be there.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the new neighbors were out and i went to a local dog. i was a dog!
6	17	angry	surprised	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the new pizza called me out. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was waiting my my nephew to be born i was born and
20	4	furious	terrified	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my sister and i watch her son and and she took care of him.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw a movie and and and it it it was delicious.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was heartbroken when my son and i took me in a hospital
20	4	furious	terrified	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	i found my wallet and and dropped it on a car!
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just took me yesterday yesterday! i was so heartbroken!
19	4	confident	terrified	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i bought a pizza ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was a long time ago.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my mom bought me a a!! i was a of him.
19	4	confident	terrified	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i went to a local conditioning and and my neighbors were me on a cruise.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i bought my kids and and they were to me on a cruise!
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so waiting for the new to be born i was to be born
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the new neighbors were out and i went to my neighbors. it was a bit
6	4	angry	terrified	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the new pizza called out. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was waiting my my nephew to be born i was a and and won't be off of her
20	22	furious	caring	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son with me. i took care of him.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i watched a movie movie and and it was out it it was delicious.
2	22	proud	caring	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was heartbroken when my son and i were in me. i was a dog!
20	22	furious	caring	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	i found my wallet and and dropped it on a car accident
5	22	joyful	caring	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just went on a cruise! i was so heartbroken!
19	22	confident	caring	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i bought a pizza ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	22	hopeful	caring	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was a long time.
9	22	grateful	caring	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my mom bought me a a cruise!
19	22	confident	caring	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i went to a local conditioning and and my neighbors were me on a.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
16	22	guilty	caring	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i just took my my and and they are in me. i've never had nic neighbors.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so waiting for the new to be born. i was a to be
13	22	annoyed	caring	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the new i went to a local pizza i my my and was off of them so i was very happy!
6	22	angry	caring	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the new pizza called me out. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was waiting my my nephew to be born i was born and
20	25	furious	anticipating	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son with me. i took care of him.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw a movie and and and it it it was delicious.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was happy my my and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	25	furious	anticipating	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	i found my wallet and and dropped it on a car!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just went on a cruise! i'm so worried about her!
19	25	confident	anticipating	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i bought a pizza off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my mom bought me on a cruise!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i went to a local conditioning and and they were me on a.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i found a wallet and and they were me me.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad on their job
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so waiting for the new to be born i was to be born
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the new i went to a local conditioning off yesterday i was a of my mind and was sweating
6	25	angry	anticipating	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the new neighbors were so. i've never had nic neighbors.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i watched for christmas movie pizza to be born. it was such a long time ago
8	17	jealous	surprised	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	my new neighbors were actually nice. i was a dog and she was care of him.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was looking forward for the new pizza open up up. i can't wait to eat there.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so waiting for my nephew to be born i was born in a car accident
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	i saw my baby baby baby around 8 and and they were were me talk to them. i was a bit longer!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my mom took taking me on a scratch. i've never had nic neighbors.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i found my wallet and and i found out. i took care of them.
6	17	angry	surprised	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it was such a nice and i saw to talk to me. i were a dog!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
5	17	joyful	surprised	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the new neighbors are here and. i've never had nic neighbors.
14	17	lonely	surprised	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
19	17	confident	surprised	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be a dog. i had a dog!
20	17	furious	surprised	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	17	furious	surprised	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating freaked.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was going into a dog! i was a dog!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i found my wallet and my my and in a! i've never had nic neighbors.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was afraid of my my and and they were to me to a. i was a dog and
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my cat just went to a hospital yesterday and i've never had nic neighbors.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my neighbor took taking me on a scratch yesterday and i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
2	17	proud	surprised	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my son just went to a hospital last month after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her
7	17	sad	surprised	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was a little and and i put me in a. i took care of him.
28	17	content	surprised	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my new neighbors are in a month! i've never had nic neighbors.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am a waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was a!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm really scared. i neighbors and i are really nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i found a baby and and and they were me me to a.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i am waiting for for nephew to be born i was to be so i was to be born
8	4	jealous	terrified	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	my new neighbors were actually nice. i was a dog and she was care of him.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was looking forward for the new pizza open up up. i can't wait to eat there.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so waiting for my nephew to be born i was born in a car accident
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	i bought my favorite conditioning and and it'' ve never had nic neighbors.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son took me a a and and she's ok.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i found my wallet and and i found out my wife and were in a of.
6	4	angry	terrified	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it was such a nice and i saw to talk to me. i in a dog!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
5	4	joyful	terrified	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the new neighbors are here and. i've never had nic neighbors.
14	4	lonely	terrified	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
19	4	confident	terrified	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be a dog.
20	4	furious	terrified	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	4	furious	terrified	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on my nerves.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was going into a nic can't wait to be.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i found my wallet and my my and! i've never had nic neighbors.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was afraid of my my and and they were letting me talk to them. i was a dog!
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my cat just went to a hospital last month ago. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my neighbor took taking me on a scratch yesterday and i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
2	4	proud	terrified	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my son just went to a hospital last month after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her
7	4	sad	terrified	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was a little and and i put me in a. i took care of him.
28	4	content	terrified	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my new neighbors are in a month! i've never had nic neighbors.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am a college conditioning conditioning and and i put in in charge of football footballir. i was going into a!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm really scared. i neighbors and i neighbors and they were were there.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i found a baby and and and they were me me to a.
3	22	faithful	caring	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am looking forward for the new movie movie to open up. it seems like it was such a long time ago
10	22	prepared	caring	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i watched for christmas movie movie to be born. it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
8	22	jealous	caring	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	my new neighbors were actually nice. i was a dog and she was care of him.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was looking forward for the new pizza open up up. i can't wait to eat there.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so waiting for my nephew to be born i was born in a car accident
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	i bought my favorite off ticket and won't be to them. it was a bit sweet!
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my neighbor just giving me a a. she's ok in a hospital accident.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i found my wallet and i found out. i took care of them.
6	22	angry	caring	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it makes me a nice and i saw to talk to them there. it was a sweet and
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it. i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
5	22	joyful	caring	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the new neighbors are here and. i've never had nic neighbors.
14	22	lonely	caring	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
19	22	confident	caring	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was a dog!
20	22	furious	caring	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	22	furious	caring	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and pet pet i went on a cruise. i was a dog.
13	22	annoyed	caring	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
9	22	grateful	caring	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	22	sentimental	caring	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a dog and she is doing well.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i found my wallet and my my and in a! i've never had nic neighbors.
8	22	jealous	caring	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so afraid when my nephew and i were in me in a movie.
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my neighbor just had a scratch and and she's giving me in a hospital accident.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my neighbor took taking me on a scratch yesterday. i never had $ 100 off of them so i was very happy!
2	22	proud	caring	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my son just had an interview last month after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her
7	22	sad	caring	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was a little and and i put me in a. i took care of him.
28	22	content	caring	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my new neighbors are in a month! i've never had nic neighbors.
15	22	ashamed	caring	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was a!
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm really afraid of my and and i were to their female were so there.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i found a mom and and and and they were to me talk to them.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was
8	25	jealous	anticipating	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	my new neighbors were actually nice. i was a dog and she was care of him.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was looking forward for the new pizza open to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so waiting for my nephew to be born i was born in a car accident
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	i bought some off off yesterday and they've never had nic neighbors.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son just took me a a. she's ok.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a. i took care of them.
6	25	angry	anticipating	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it seems like a new in to talk to me. i've never had nic neighbors.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the new neighbors are here and. i've never had nic neighbors.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be a dog.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i went to a movie conditioning yesterday and my my was was in of my mind and was sweating win.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was going to a dog!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i found my wallet on a scratch! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was afraid of my nephew and i were in me. i took a of them. i was a dog.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my neighbor just went to a hospital yesterday. i've never had nic neighbors.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my mom took taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my son just went to a hospital last month after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was a little and and i put me in a. i in a dog.
28	25	content	anticipating	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my new neighbors are in a month! i've never had nic neighbors.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was a!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm really scared. i neighbors and i are really nice. i had to a female dog.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i wanted to make a difference in my son. i took care of them.
28	17	content	surprised	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly wait!
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i found my wallet and and and they were in me in a of. i took care of him. i was a of him.
3	17	faithful	surprised	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my mom and i are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors. i had a dog!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i went to a local conditioning in my neighbors are so bad in a. i took a of them so i was a dog!
1	17	afraid	surprised	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
28	4	content	terrified	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly wait!
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i found my wallet and and and they were in me in a of. i took care of him. i was a of him.
3	4	faithful	terrified	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my wife and i are in a college. she's a heart neglected. i've never had nic neighbors.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i went to a local conditioning in my neighbors are so bad in a. i took into a dog! i was a of them so i was very happy!
1	4	afraid	terrified	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it'' t be in a in a ago.
28	22	content	caring	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly wait!
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i found my wallet and and and they were in me in a of. i took care of him. i was a dog and she is doing well.
3	22	faithful	caring	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my wife and i are in a college. she's a heart neglected. i've never had nic neighbors.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly wait anything.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and in her pet i went to a dog. i went to a dog.
1	22	afraid	caring	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
28	25	content	anticipating	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly wait!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i found my wallet and and and they were in me in a of. i took care of him. i was a of him.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my wife and i are in a hospital. she's a heart neglected. i've never had nic dog.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly wait anything.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in in in a football football as a female was be into a.
6	17	angry	surprised	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born i was born and i was to a dog! i was a dog!
28	17	content	surprised	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have a baby conditioning and and they put me in charge of football footballir. i into a male field as a as a she can be really scary.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i found a baby and and and and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident
10	17	prepared	surprised	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i i went to a local conditioning in a and i put in in of their football.. i've never had nic neighbors.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be a dog and i can't be.
20	17	furious	surprised	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went to a local conditioning conditioning and and they were on their nerves. i on the i can't wait to eat.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was a college and and and and they put me in charge of football football.. i into a male accident
6	4	angry	terrified	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born i was born and i was to a dog! i was a dog!
28	4	content	terrified	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have a make a fantastic conditioning and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male field as a as a.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i found a baby and and and and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident
10	4	prepared	terrified	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i i went to a local conditioning in a and i put in in of their football.. i can't wait to eat there.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my mom had an emergency and dropped her son on me. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be in a nic can't wait to eat.
20	4	furious	terrified	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went to a local conditioning conditioning and and they put me in charge of football footballir. i was going into a male accident as a as a dog!
26	22	anxious	caring	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	yesterday i went to a local conditioning and and they were in charge of their female.. i went to a movie or as a.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was a college and and and and they put me in charge of football football.. i into a male accident
6	22	angry	caring	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born i was born and i was to them so i was a dog!
28	22	content	caring	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i found a baby and and and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident
10	22	prepared	caring	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	once i went to a fantastic conditioning in my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be a i was a and and i can't wait to eat.
20	22	furious	caring	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went to a local conditioning conditioning and and they put me in charge of football footballir. i was going into a male accident as a as a dog!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	yesterday i went to a local conditioning in an emergency and was in charge of their female.. i took care of them. i was a dog.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was a college and and and they put me in charge of football football.. i into a male animal field as a dog!
6	25	angry	anticipating	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born i was born and i was to a dog! i was a dog!
28	25	content	anticipating	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i am looking forward for my new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i found a baby and and and and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident
10	25	prepared	anticipating	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i i went to a local conditioning in a and i put in in in of a male male as a as a female were really scary.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be a dog and i can't be.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went to a local conditioning conditioning in an emergency and put me in charge of football male.. i was a into a male accident
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my mom had an emergency and dropped her son on her! i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
20	17	furious	surprised	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's raining here last month after having a baby. i've never had nic neighbors.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i am a taking off in a and i put in a in in a of can be really well.
7	17	sad	surprised	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm really scared and i won't come to me. i've had a nic neighbors.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	last month on a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
2	17	proud	surprised	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm afraid of my my and and i are in charge of their female.. i can't wait to eat there.
19	17	confident	surprised	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the first time went on a cruise and and i was in $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can not wait for the next movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born. i was going into a nic can't wait to be.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am looking forward for my new to open to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
28	17	content	surprised	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i went to the movie yesterday yesterday and it was really bad out of my mind and was sweatingesh. i can't wait to eat.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my mom and went on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
20	4	furious	terrified	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	there's a new neighbors and and they were to me. i've never had nic neighbors.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in a in a in a in a in a male animal field as a female is be really scary.
7	4	sad	terrified	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm afraid i won't be in to be born. i was a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly be patient.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	last month ago on an emergency and my my to open in a i was scared up of my mind and was sweating win.
2	4	proud	terrified	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm afraid of my my and and i were in their neighbors. i've never had nic neighbors.
19	4	confident	terrified	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day a new and and in charge of them were so i was scared out of my mind and was sweating freaked!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can not wait for the next movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
19	4	confident	terrified	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i was going into a nic can't wait to be.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am looking forward for my new to open to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
28	4	content	terrified	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i went to the movie yesterday yesterday and went on a fantastic animal. i've never had nic neighbors.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my mom and had a baby and and her son! i've never had nic neighbors.
20	22	furious	caring	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's raining here last month after having a baby. i've never had nic neighbors.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in a in a in a in a male field as a female can be really scary.
7	22	sad	caring	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i am so afraid i can't wait to the movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly be patient.
27	22	hopeful	caring	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	last month in an an emergency on my nerves in on a of my mind and was scared out of my mind and was sweatingmp!
2	22	proud	caring	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm afraid of my my and and i are in charge of their female.. i can't wait to eat there.
19	22	confident	caring	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i went on a local conditioning and and i was in my of and i was a and and she was.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can not wait for the next movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly wait!
19	22	confident	caring	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born. i was going into a nic can't wait to be.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am looking forward for my new to open to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
28	22	content	caring	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i went to the movie conditioning yesterday and it was really bad out of my mind and was sweatingesh. i'm really worried about the
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my mom had an emergency and dropped her on on a cruise! i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
20	25	furious	anticipating	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's been a long ago and i put my in in in a of. i've never had nic neighbors.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i am going waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i am so afraid i can't wait to the movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly wait.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the first took off in an emergency yesterday! i went to a local animal field and i was a of them so i was very happy!
2	25	proud	anticipating	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm afraid of my my and to be born i've never had nic neighbors.
19	25	confident	anticipating	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the first time i went on a cruise and and they were so me in a i and i got off of them so i was very happy!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can not wait for the next movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born. i was going into a nic can't wait to be.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
28	25	content	anticipating	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i went to the movie conditioning yesterday and it was really bad out of my mind and was sweatingesh. i'm really worried about the
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was afraid when i found out my mom and were born
12	17	excited	surprised	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can not wait for christmas. i found out.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was a college and and and i found me and they were me
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	17	lonely	surprised	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i watched a movie and and and and it were me me.
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my aunt is taking me on a cruise. she's ok.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was a movie movie and and and it were me to be a.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be
23	17	trusting	surprised	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i went to the park yesterday and went on a local neighbors.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i found my wallet and and they were me me.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just a scratch and i took her of her and
16	17	guilty	surprised	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have never make a pizza. my son and it really me me.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son took me yesterday. i've never had nic neighbors.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was afraid when i found out my wife and were in a
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was afraid when i found out my neighbors were born
12	4	excited	terrified	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can not wait for christmas. i found out.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was a college and and and i found me and they were me
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	4	lonely	terrified	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it was me me.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my friend is taking us us. she took us us.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was a movie and conditioning and and it won't be on a cruise.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be
23	4	trusting	terrified	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i went to the park yesterday and went on a local neighbors.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i found my wallet and and they were me on a cruise.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just had a hospital and i took her of her.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have never stay on a local and. they are really bad me.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my cat just went on a cruise. i'm really worried about her!
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was afraid when i found out my neighbors were born
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was afraid when i found out my neighbors were born
12	22	excited	caring	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can not wait for christmas. i found out.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was a college and and and i found me and they were me me to a.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	22	lonely	caring	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i watched a movie and and and and it were me me.
12	22	excited	caring	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my friend is taking us us. she bakes us brownies which are delicious.
29	22	impressed	caring	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was not wait for the new movie movie to open me. it was such a long time ago
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be
23	22	trusting	caring	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i went to the park yesterday and went on a local neighbors. i was a of.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i wanted a movie with and and they were me me to a.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i found my wallet and and they were me me.
29	22	impressed	caring	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just a scratch and i took her of her.
16	22	guilty	caring	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have never make a movie. my son and it was me.
2	22	proud	caring	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son took me to a yesterday. i've never had nic neighbors.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was afraid when i saw my lines in open
5	22	joyful	caring	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
27	22	hopeful	caring	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was afraid when i found out my neighbors were born
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can not wait for christmas. i be born
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was a college and and and they were me to me in a movie
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i watched a movie and and and and it were me me.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my friend is taking us us.. she bakes us brownies which are delicious.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i went to the park yesterday and went on a cruise. i was a of my mind
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i wanted a movie for and and they were me me to a.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i found my wallet and and they were me to a.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just a baby and and she son. i've never had nic neighbors.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have never make a movie. my son and it was me.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son took me to a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was afraid when i found out my neighbors were going to a movie
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so waiting for my nephew to be born. i've had a nic dog. i can't wait to eat.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i've never had my neighbors in a movie to come out. it seems like it was a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly wait anything.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i found my son and and and and they were me in a i in a of! i was win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week i went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad about their decision on if i got the job or not.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was a college and and and and they were letting me talk to me. i was a of them and and was a to be
12	17	excited	surprised	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last week i went on a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my mom just went to a local. ago and i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog and she is doing well.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so tired of my pizza to open up. i i to take care of them so i was a bit scared!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm taking a to my nephew to a baby in in in a. i in a of can't wait to eat.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week i went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad about their decision on if i got the job or not.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was a college and and and and they were me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident as a as a as
12	4	excited	terrified	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last week i went on a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my mom just went to a local yesterday. i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog and she is doing well.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so tired of my and i open in my to open up. i can't wait to eat.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm really forward to the new movie to open up up. i can't wait to eat there.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i found my wallet and and and and $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week i went to a local conditioning in an a i was scared out of my mind and was sweating male. i was a dog and i can't be.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	22	sentimental	caring	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was a college and and and and they were letting me talk to me. i was a of them and and was a to be
12	22	excited	caring	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	when i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my mom just actually actually a baby. i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog and she is doing well.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so tired for the new pizza to open up up. i can't wait to eat there.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors. i had a dog and she is.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week i went to a local conditioning off in i was scared out of my mind and was sweatingaer. i't wait to eat there.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i wanted a new in an emergency and charge of them so i went to a local animal shelter. i had a dog and she is doing well.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was a college and and and and they put me in in in a football football as a as to be really scary.
12	25	excited	anticipating	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	when i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my mom just went to a local. ago and i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog and she is.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was a college and and and and they put me in in a in a in a in a in a into a male accident
28	17	content	surprised	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i've had family for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched a movie conditioning off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i found my mom and baby were around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as as be be really happy.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	i went a new conditioning conditioning in and and it'' ve never had nic neighbors. i had to a dog!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so happy and i went into a local animal movie. it seems really bad about it.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i saw a baby and and around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as to be was a!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a dog!
1	17	afraid	surprised	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was a college and and and and they put me in in a in a in a in a in a into a male accident
28	4	content	terrified	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i've had for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched a movie conditioning off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i found my mom and baby were around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit scared as a as take care take care of him.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a new in in in charge of my off in it. i was a of them so i was a to be
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so afraid when i went to the movie open and it was a bit scared. i've never had nic neighbors.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i saw a baby and and around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as to be was a!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
1	4	afraid	terrified	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was going into a nic can't wait to be.
28	22	content	caring	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i've been for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it it was really on it. i won the of off of them so i was very happy!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i found my mom and baby were around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as as be really sweet.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
24	22	disgusted	caring	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a new in in in charge of my off in it. i was a of them so i was a to be
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so afraid when i went to the movie open and it was a bit scared. i've never had nic neighbors.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i saw a baby and and around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as to be was a.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a dog!
1	22	afraid	caring	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	22	hopeful	caring	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my wife just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was going into a nic can't wait to be.
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i've been for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched a movie movie ticket and and won $ 100 on it. i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i found my mom and baby were around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as as be be really happy.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a new in in in charge of my off in it. i was a of them so i was a to be
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so afraid when i went to the movie open and it was a bit animal. i had to take care of them.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i saw a baby and and around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as to be really happy
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so scared for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i put a dog in a she is doing well.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when i saw a mom and and and and and they were to me talk to each other and was a as they were were really..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i found a wallet and and and they were letting me talk to them. i was a of them so i was a dog!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was taking my nephew to a baby in charge of her maleir. i was a of them and i was a dog!
12	17	excited	surprised	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to the first conditioning in yesterday! i went on a local animal interview. i was a of and and they were so i went to the.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so scared for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i put a dog in a she is doing well.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating and was scared out of my mind and was sweating
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when i went to the hospital and in a and they were were me in a. i took care of them so i was a bit scared.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i saw a mom and baby baby around and and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit bit as as as as take to be a
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was taking my first and roller coaster yesterday and was was out of my mind and was sweating male. i was a of them so i was a!
12	4	excited	terrified	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to the first conditioning in yesterday! i went on a local animal interview. i was a of and and they were so i went to the.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so scared for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i went to a local dog. i was a dog.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i found my wallet and and and in charge of them in charge of them in. it was a bit animal as a as a!
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
23	22	trusting	caring	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when i went to the hospital and and they were were me in a i and i took care of them. i was a of them so i was a dog!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i found a wallet and and and they were letting me talk to them. i was a of them so i was a dog! i was a dog!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was taking my first and and conditioning came in charge of them so i was a into a nic pet. i went into a nic can't wait to eat.
12	22	excited	caring	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to the first conditioning in in my ticket! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating mind and was so i was the job.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so scared for my nephew to be born. it seems like it was a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly wait anything longer.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i went to a local dog.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating and was scared out of my mind and was sweating
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when i went to the hospital and in a were were in charge of their female were so i went to a dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit scared as a as take take off of them so i was very happy!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was taking my first in a roller coaster yesterday and was scared out of my mind and was sweating compressor. i was a dog!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to the first conditioning in in my roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
12	17	excited	surprised	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was scared waiting for my nephew to be born
27	17	hopeful	surprised	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	nothing never called me to a movie
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i found my new andorker.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've never had neighbors.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was afraid when i won $ 100
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	17	lonely	surprised	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i found out my wife and twins were in a car accident
26	17	anxious	surprised	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm never wait for christmas.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my mom took taking me on a cruise!
3	17	faithful	surprised	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
1	17	afraid	surprised	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	17	sad	surprised	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	yesterday i found out my mom and born
12	4	excited	terrified	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was scared waiting for my nephew to be born
27	4	hopeful	terrified	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	nothing never called me to a movie
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog had taking me on a cruise!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i bought a new and and with me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've never had neighbors.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was afraid when i won $ 100 on
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	4	lonely	terrified	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i found out my wife and twins were in a car accident
26	4	anxious	terrified	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm never wait for christmas.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my mom took taking me on a cruise!
3	4	faithful	terrified	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
1	4	afraid	terrified	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	4	sad	terrified	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	yesterday i found out my mom and were born
12	22	excited	caring	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was scared waiting for my nephew to be born
27	22	hopeful	caring	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	every christmas i make a christmas and i son
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
23	22	trusting	caring	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i found my new to be born
9	22	grateful	caring	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've never had neighbors. i neighbors.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was afraid when i found out of my mind
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	22	lonely	caring	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i found out my wife and twins were in a car accident
26	22	anxious	caring	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm never wait for christmas.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my mom took taking me on a cruise!
3	22	faithful	caring	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	22	annoyed	caring	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
1	22	afraid	caring	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	22	sad	caring	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	when i went to the hospital and found me a dog.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was scared waiting for my nephew to be born
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	every am not waiting for my nephew to be born
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i found my wallet and
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've never had neighbors.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was afraid when i won the lines during the play.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i found out college and i were in a
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm never wait for christmas.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	25	sad	anticipating	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	when i went to the hospital and came out
8	17	jealous	surprised	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my mom had an a and and son son! i took a of him. i took care of him.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i went a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it. i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
2	17	proud	surprised	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my mom went on a cruise! i was a of and i was her and and i was care of him.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was a college and conditioning coach and my put in in in charge of football footballir. into a male accident as a as a dog!
8	4	jealous	terrified	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my mom had an a and and dropped her son on me! i was a of them so i was very happy!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i went a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it. i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
2	4	proud	terrified	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my mom went on a cruise last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating was!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was a college and conditioning coach and my put in in in charge of football footballir. into a male accident as a as a dog!
8	22	jealous	caring	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my mom just bought a scratch off ticket! i won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was a college and and and they were letting me talk to me. i was a of them so i was a bit scared to take or not.
2	22	proud	caring	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my mom went on a cruise! i was a of and i was her and and i was care of him.
16	22	guilty	caring	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was a college and conditioning coach and my put in in in in of football footballir. into a male accident as a as a dog!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my mom bought a scratch off ticket! i won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i went a local conditioning and and they were in charge of their charge their charge of them. i was a of them so i was very happy!
2	25	proud	anticipating	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my mom went on a cruise! i was a of and i was a of and was doing so i was a!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a of football football as a as a as a female was be born
29	17	impressed	surprised	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my aunt is taking me on a cruise.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so afraid i will forget my lines during the play.
6	17	angry	surprised	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i found my wallet and found my son
8	17	jealous	surprised	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can not wait till christmas. i won the play
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i wish i was win my any..
29	17	impressed	surprised	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i saw a coach and and coach and they were to me.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy and found my my to be born
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was scared when my my and to be born
31	17	devastated	surprised	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my aunt just an emergency and dropped her son on me!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i am not forward for my nephew to be born
2	17	proud	surprised	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i bought a pizza and and won $ 100 on my nerves
12	17	excited	surprised	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my mom bought me a a cruise!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it makes me so a movie. i've never had nic neighbors.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my aunt is taking me on a cruise.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so afraid i will forget my lines during the play.
6	4	angry	terrified	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i found my wallet and found my son
8	4	jealous	terrified	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't wait for christmas.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i watched i movie movie movie came out. it was such a scary movie.
29	4	impressed	terrified	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i saw a movie and and and and it were me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so afraid i will be my my
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was scared when i found my my
31	4	devastated	terrified	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my aunt just had an emergency and dropped her son on me!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	4	proud	terrified	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i bought a pizza and and won $ 100 on it!
12	4	excited	terrified	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my mom bought me a a cruise!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it makes me so a movie. i've never had nic neighbors.
29	22	impressed	caring	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my aunt is taking me on a cruise.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so afraid i will forget my lines during the play.
6	22	angry	caring	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i found my wallet and found my son
8	22	jealous	caring	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't wait for christmas.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i wish i was win any..
29	22	impressed	caring	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it really me me.
5	22	joyful	caring	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so afraid i will be my my
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was afraid when i found my my to be born
31	22	devastated	caring	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my aunt just an emergency and dropped her son on me!
0	22	sentimental	caring	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i feel not for christmas. i found my son.
2	22	proud	caring	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	22	excited	caring	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my mom bought me a a cruise!
21	22	disappointed	caring	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it makes me feel so when i found out my children.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my aunt is taking me on a cruise.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so afraid i will forget my lines during the play.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i found my wallet and and they were to me
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can not wait for christmas. i won to be born
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i wish i was win any longer.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i watched a movie movie called and it really freaked me out.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so afraid i will be my my
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was scared when i found my my to be born
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son with me!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i feel not for christmas. i found my son.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	25	excited	anticipating	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it makes me so a movie. i never be born
28	17	content	surprised	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	17	proud	surprised	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was afraid christmas when i found out of my mind
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i am afraid i will watch my lines during the play.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i found my wallet and and they were to me to a.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the first time i went on a cruise. i was a dog!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was afraid when and found my lines in open
14	17	lonely	surprised	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i watched a movie movie and and it really freaked me out.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was scared college when and found my to open me in a car
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a wallet and and and they were me me.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so afraid i will forget my lines during the play.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i found my wallet and and were were me a.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's always nice. i never ba here.
28	4	content	terrified	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	4	proud	terrified	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was afraid christmas when i came to be born
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i am afraid that my my and to be born
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i found my wallet and and they were to me to a.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the time i went on a cruise. i was a my off of them so i was very happy!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was afraid when and found out my neighbors were born
14	4	lonely	terrified	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i watched a movie movie and and it really freaked me out.
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was a little and and i found my son in
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a wallet and and and they were me in a.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so afraid i will forget the lines during the play.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i found my wallet and and were were me a.
10	4	prepared	terrified	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's always nice. i never ba here.
28	22	content	caring	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	22	proud	caring	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i am not waiting for my nephew to be born
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i found my wallet and and they were to me to a.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the time i went to a local and. i was a dog!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was afraid when when my and and were were me me.
14	22	lonely	caring	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i watched a movie movie and and it really me me.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was scared when when i saw to put in in a car accident
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a wallet and and they were me in a car accident
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so afraid i will forget the lines during the play.
31	22	devastated	caring	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i found my wallet and and were me a i was a of.
10	22	prepared	caring	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's always nice. i never ba here.
28	25	content	anticipating	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	25	proud	anticipating	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was afraid christmas when christmas came to be born
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i am afraid that my my will be born.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i found my wallet and and to a talk to me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the time i went to a local interview. my dog was a dog!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was afraid when and found out my neighbors were born
14	25	lonely	anticipating	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i watched a movie movie and and it really me me.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was scared waiting when my nephew to be born
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a wallet and and and they were to me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so afraid i will forget the lines during the play.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i found my wallet and and were there were me a.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's always nice. i never ba here.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	i went on a cruise roller coaster yesterday! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating compressor. i was a dog!
2	17	proud	surprised	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i found my wallet in a scratch yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	17	content	surprised	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	just bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	i went on a cruise roller coaster yesterday! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating compressor. i was a dog!
2	4	proud	terrified	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i found my wallet in a scratch yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	4	content	terrified	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	just bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	i went to a local conditioning off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
2	22	proud	caring	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i found my wallet in a scratch yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	22	content	caring	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	just bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	i went to a local conditioning off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
2	25	proud	anticipating	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i found my son in a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	25	content	anticipating	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	just bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
20	17	furious	surprised	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	17	impressed	surprised	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
12	17	excited	surprised	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and in an a. i in a of and she is doing well.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i found a wallet and and they were me to me. i went to a dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my mom bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it. i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	17	impressed	surprised	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	a bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
2	17	proud	surprised	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my mom had an a and and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad about their decision on if i got the job or not.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i saw a baby and and and and and it were me on a! i was win a of them so i was very happy!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom took taking me on a cruise! i was a heart off of my mind and was scared.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i found my son and and they were in charge of their female were. i was a of them so i was a bit scared!
26	17	anxious	surprised	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	the first took off on my nerves in a! i was scared out of my mind and was sweatingmp!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i found my wallet and and they were me in a. i took care of them.
2	17	proud	surprised	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i've never had nic neighbors.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
28	17	content	surprised	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to stay longer
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog had a scratch on a scratch yesterday and i never had it!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i found my mom and and and were in me in a dog. i were in a of and she was a.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i went to a local conditioning off ticket yesterday and i put $ 100 on it. i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be a dog!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i went on a first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
29	17	impressed	surprised	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i saw a baby and conditioning around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit sweet as a female was be really sweet!
20	4	furious	terrified	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	4	impressed	terrified	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
12	4	excited	terrified	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and in an a. i in a of and she is doing well.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i found my wallet and and they were me to me. i went to a dog and she is doing well.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my mom had an a and dropped her son on it! i was a of them so i was very happy!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it. i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	4	impressed	terrified	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	a bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
2	4	proud	terrified	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my mom had an a and and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i saw a baby and and and and and it it it it me on a! i was win a of them so i was very happy!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom took taking me on a cruise! i was a heart off of my mind and was scared.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i found my son and and they were in charge of their female were. i was a of them so i was a bit scared.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	the first took off in my my yesterday! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i found my wallet and and they were me in a. i took care of them.
2	4	proud	terrified	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i've never had nic neighbors.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
28	4	content	terrified	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to stay in a!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog ran over on a scratch yesterday and i've never had nic neighbors.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i found my mom and and and were were in their were letting me talk to them. it was a bit sweet as a female was be longer
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i went to a local conditioning off ticket yesterday and i put $ 100 on it. i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be a dog and she is doing well.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i went on a first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
29	4	impressed	terrified	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i saw a baby and and around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as to be was
20	22	furious	caring	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and with me in a of. i took care of them.
29	22	impressed	caring	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
12	22	excited	caring	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog!
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and with me. i took care of them. i was a dog.
24	22	disgusted	caring	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my mom had an a and dropped her son on me! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad about their decision or not.
29	22	impressed	caring	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	a bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
2	22	proud	caring	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my mom had an emergency and dropped her son on me. i was a of them so i was very happy!
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad about their decision on if i got the job or not.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	22	grateful	caring	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom took taking me on a cruise! i was a heart off of her and i was very happy!
24	22	disgusted	caring	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i found my son and and they were in charge of them were. i was a of them. i was a of them so i was a bit happy!
26	22	anxious	caring	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	the first waiting on my first coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating
26	22	anxious	caring	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i found my wallet and and they were me. i in a dog. i can't be.
2	22	proud	caring	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i've never had nic neighbors.
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
28	22	content	caring	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to stay in a!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog had a scratch on a scratch yesterday and i never had her of them so i was very happy!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i found my mom and and and and were were me in a in a in a and a and was a and and she is doing anything.
10	22	prepared	caring	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i went to a local conditioning in an interview. my nerves are really bad on their job or not.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be a dog. i can't wait to eat.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i went on a first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
29	22	impressed	caring	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my friend just to to me. she's ok. she's ok.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it were me to them. it was a bit sweet as a female dog be really.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and with me in a of. i took care of them.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in an emergency or neglected male or i was a of them so i was a dog!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and she her or her or she was born.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my mom had an emergency on a scratch off ticket! i was win off of them so i was very happy!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad about their decision on if i got the job or not.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	a bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my mom had an emergency and put me on a cruise! i was a of them so i was very happy!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad about their decision on if i got the job or not.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i saw a baby and and and and and it were me to a! i was a of them so i was very happy!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom went taking a scratch on a cruise! i was a heart off of them so i was very happy!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i saw a mom and baby baby around and and and they were were me talk to them. i was a bit scared
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	the first waiting on my first coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i found my wallet and and they were me in a. i took care of them.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was going into a nic can't wait to be
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i went to a local dog!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my mom took taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i found my mom and and and and were in me in a in a in a a and a and and she her.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i went to a local conditioning in an interview. my nerves are really bad on their job or not.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i be born i was a to stay longer
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i went on a cruise roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating freaked!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my friend just to to me. i've never had nic neighbors.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i saw a baby and conditioning around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit sweet as a female was be really sweet!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i went to a local store and and they were letting me talk to them. i was a of them so i was a dog and i was a dog! i was a dog!
31	17	devastated	surprised	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	i was a college and and and and they were letting me talk to me. i was a bit as as as as as be be.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
7	17	sad	surprised	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i saw a baby and conditioning around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as to be really happy.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a in football football as a as a as to be really really.
7	17	sad	surprised	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my mom just are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors. i've never had nic neighbors.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i took a dog and she is doing well.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i went to a local store and they were in their were so i went to a dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
31	4	devastated	terrified	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	i was a college and and and coach and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as as a as be be really happy.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
7	4	sad	terrified	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i wanted a baby conditioning around and and they put me in charge of footballirir. i was going into a male field as a as a can be really scary.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a in football football as a as a into a male animal as a as a female can be really scary.
7	4	sad	terrified	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my neighbor just had an emergency and dropped her son on her. i've never had nic neighbors.
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i took a dog and she is doing well.
13	22	annoyed	caring	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i went to a local store and they were in their were so i went to a dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
31	22	devastated	caring	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	i was a college and and and and they were letting me talk to me. i was a of them so i was a bit scared as a as be really happy.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was a college and and coach and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit sweet as a female can be really sweet as a female can be really sweet.
7	22	sad	caring	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i wanted a baby conditioning around and and they put me in charge of footballirir. i was going into a male field as a as a she can be really scary.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was a college and and coach and they were letting me talk to me. i was a of them and and was a to a female was a!
7	22	sad	caring	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my aunt just had an emergency and dropped her son with me. i've never had nic neighbors.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i took a dog and she is doing well.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i went to a local store and they were in their were so i went to a dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a long time ago and and they were to me to me. i went to a dog and she is doing well. i she is doing well.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i went to a local dog.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was a college and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident as a as a female can be really scary
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my mom is actually having a baby. i've never had nic neighbors. i had to a dog and she is doing well.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i felt all alone yesterday	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
16	17	guilty	surprised	i fell bad about myself	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	4	lonely	terrified	i felt all alone yesterday	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
16	4	guilty	terrified	i fell bad about myself	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	22	lonely	caring	i felt all alone yesterday	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
16	22	guilty	caring	i fell bad about myself	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i felt all alone yesterday	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i fell bad about myself	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
23	17	trusting	surprised	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my mom is actually actually a nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
7	17	sad	surprised	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my mom and neighbor went on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the new neighbors are in us and they were to talk to each other. it was a of them so i was a of them so i was a!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i went on a first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was a college and and and and they put me in in in a in a in a in a in a into a male accident
15	17	ashamed	surprised	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	yesterday, my mom came came to open in a car accident. i was a dog and i was care of him.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
26	17	anxious	surprised	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've had a nic neighbors. i had to a dog and she is doing well.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so when i took up and i put in their neighbors. i was a into a male animal as a dog. i can't wait to eat.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i found my wallet and and and they were in charge of them in i was scared out of my mind and was sweating
23	4	trusting	terrified	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my mom and actually actually a baby and she's heart out. i've never had nic neighbors.
7	4	sad	terrified	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my mom and went on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a of them so i was very happy!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the new neighbors are in us and they were to talk to each other. it was a of them so i was a of them so i was a!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i went on a first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was a college and and and and they put me in in in a in a in a in a in a into a male accident
15	4	ashamed	terrified	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	yesterday, my mom came came to open in a car accident. i was a dog and i took care of them so i was very happy!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
26	4	anxious	terrified	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've had a nic neighbors. i had a dog and she is.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so when i took up and i put in their neighbors. i put them in a of so i was a into a dog!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i found my wallet and and and they were in charge of them in i was scared out of my mind and was sweating
23	22	trusting	caring	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my mom is actually actually a nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
7	22	sad	caring	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my mom and went on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog!
21	22	disappointed	caring	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the new neighbors are in us. they were to talk to each other. it was a of them so i was a of them so i was a!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was a college and and and and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident as a as a!
9	22	grateful	caring	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was a college and and and and they put me in in in a in a in a in a in a into a male accident
15	22	ashamed	caring	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	yesterday, my mom came to open in a while i was in around and i was a dog and i was care of him.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i wanted a new in an emergency and charge of them so i was a of them so i was a of them so i was very happy!
26	22	anxious	caring	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've had a nic neighbors. i had a dog and she is.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so when i took my my and to put in in in a of. i was a into a male animal as a dog.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i found my wallet and and and they were in charge of them in i was scared out of my mind and was sweating
23	25	trusting	anticipating	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my mom is actually actually a nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my mom and went on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the new neighbors are in us around us and they were to their their were delicious. it was delicious. i went to a local dog!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i went on a first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was a college and and and and they put me in in in a in a in a in a in a into a male accident
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	yesterday in a long in my my and in a in was scared into a dog and i was a of them so i was a dog!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i wanted a new in an emergency and charge of them so i was a of them so i was a to stay longer.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the new i had in a in emergency in charge of them so i was a of them and i was a of them so i was very happy!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so afraid when i put in their open in open. i put them in a of so i was a into a!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i found my wallet and and and they were in charge of them so i was going into a nic can't wait to be
14	17	lonely	surprised	i wish i had my mother back!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
21	17	disappointed	surprised	came home to find my leftovers gone	i dropped my wallet and my my to be born
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i used to play football in high school	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was lebron james.	i am afraid when i hear till the.
6	17	angry	surprised	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i found my wallet
2	17	proud	surprised	my son just started walking this week.	my mom just bought me a cruise!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when i found my wallet
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like person who are honestly with me	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat vomited on my rug today	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	looking through my old yearbook the other day	i was waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so afraid i will win my lines.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust president trump all the way.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i found a wallet
14	4	lonely	terrified	i wish i had my mother back!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
21	4	disappointed	terrified	came home to find my leftovers gone	i dropped my wallet and my my to be born
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i used to play football in high school	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was lebron james.	i am afraid when i hear till the.
6	4	angry	terrified	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i found my wallet and
2	4	proud	terrified	my son just started walking this week.	my son just took me on a cruise.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when i found my wallet
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like person who are honestly with me	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat vomited on my rug today	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
12	4	excited	terrified	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	looking through my old yearbook the other day	i was waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am afraid i will win my lines.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust president trump all the way.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i found a wallet and
14	22	lonely	caring	i wish i had my mother back!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
21	22	disappointed	caring	came home to find my leftovers gone	i dropped my wallet and my my to be born
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i used to play football in high school	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was lebron james.	i am afraid when i hear till the.
6	22	angry	caring	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i found my wallet
2	22	proud	caring	my son just started walking this week.	my son just went to a hospital.
0	22	sentimental	caring	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	22	devastated	caring	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when i found my wallet
23	22	trusting	caring	i like person who are honestly with me	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	22	angry	caring	my cat vomited on my rug today	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
12	22	excited	caring	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
18	22	nostalgic	caring	looking through my old yearbook the other day	i was waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so afraid i will win my lines.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust president trump all the way.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	22	ashamed	caring	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i found my wallet
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i wish i had my mother back!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	came home to find my leftovers gone	i came to my my and to be born
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i used to play football in high school	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was lebron james.	i am afraid afraid when i got to play.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i found my wallet and
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son just started walking this week.	my son just went to a hospital.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when i found my wallet
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like person who are honestly with me	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat vomited on my rug today	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	looking through my old yearbook the other day	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust president trump all the way.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i found a wallet
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was a college college and and and they put me in charge of football football. into a male accident as a as a female can be really scary
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my aunt just went out and i've never had nic neighbors. i've never had nic neighbors.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember when i went in the hospital and. they were were me to me. i was a dog.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	this new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors. i had to take care of them.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was a college conditioning and and and they put me in charge of football footballir. i was going into a male accident as a as a dog!
28	17	content	surprised	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am looking forward for my new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my aunt went to a hospital and i took her and and she her and she her.
8	17	jealous	surprised	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in in in a of football male open. i was a into a dog!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a football movie. into a male accident
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my aunt just went out and i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember when i went in the hospital and. they were were me to a. i was a dog.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	this new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors. i had to take care of them.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i haven't had a in in a long ago so i went to a local movie.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was a college conditioning and and and they put me in charge of football footballir. i was going into a male accident as a as a dog!
28	4	content	terrified	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am looking forward for my new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my aunt went to a hospital and i took her and and i her and she her and she me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was a my and and conditioning coach and my put me in in in a of football male as a.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a football movie. into a male accident
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my aunt just had an emergency and dropped her son with me, i've never had nic neighbors.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son with me. i took care of him.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember when i went in the hospital and. they were were so sweet and i were there.
24	22	disgusted	caring	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	one of my neighbors are actually nice. i've had their neighbors and and they were to take care of them.
16	22	guilty	caring	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i haven't make a movie in a. i took it out of it. i had a long time ago.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in charge of football footballir. i was going into a male accident as a as a dog!
28	22	content	caring	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am looking forward for my new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my aunt and i went to a hospital and i took her and and she she's ok.
8	22	jealous	caring	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
10	22	prepared	caring	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was a my and and and in charge of my pet i was in charge of their female.. i was a into a dog!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was a college college and and and they put me in charge of football football. into a male accident as a as a female can be really scary
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my aunt and i watch each other's children while i was born and it was a bit
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son with me. i took care of him.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember when i went in the hospital and. they were to me. i was a of them.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	this new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors. i had to take care of them.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i haven't make a movie in a. i took it out of it. i had a long time ago.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was a college conditioning and and they put me in charge of football footballir. i into a male accident as a as a dog!
28	25	content	anticipating	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my aunt went to a hospital and i was her and and she her and she her.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in in in a of football male as a as a.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my mom and i went on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog and and she is doing well.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my sister and i went in a hospital and and i've had a nic in and i her and and she her.
10	22	prepared	caring	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my sister and i went in a hospital and and she's of her and and she she's ok.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my sister and i went in a hospital last month ago and i've never had nic neighbors. i was a of them so i was very happy!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	i was a college and and and and they were me to me in a in a in a in a! i was a of him.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my aunt and i had her and and her son. me. i've never had nic neighbors.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i've had family for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	i found a wallet and and and and they were me in in in a of football male as a as a as was be really.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my friend and i went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm really for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
21	22	disappointed	caring	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	i found a wallet and and and and they were me in in in a of football male as a as a as was be really.
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my friend and i went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i've never had the first car yesterday and i went to a local dog. i was a dog and i can't be.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	i was a college and and and and they were me to me in a i in a of as a as a dog! i was a of him.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
6	17	angry	surprised	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	i saw a baby and baby around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as to be was doing anything.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my aunt just went on a cruise last month. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	17	content	surprised	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
20	17	furious	surprised	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i remember a college and and and they were letting me talk to me. i went to a movie or as a as a female can be really sweet!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
6	4	angry	terrified	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	i saw a baby and baby around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as take take off of them so i was a patient!
31	4	devastated	terrified	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my sister just went on a cruise last month! i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	4	content	terrified	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
20	4	furious	terrified	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i remember a college and and and they were letting me talk to me. i went to a movie or as a as a female can be really sweet!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
6	22	angry	caring	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as to take to be a
31	22	devastated	caring	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	22	content	caring	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	i went on my first roller coaster yesterday. i was scared out of my mind and was sweating mind and was so happy!
16	22	guilty	caring	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
20	22	furious	caring	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i remember when a and and they were letting me talk to me. i went to a movie or as a as a as be really.
14	22	lonely	caring	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
6	25	angry	anticipating	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	i saw a baby and baby around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as to be was a!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	25	content	anticipating	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	i went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their nerves on if i got the job or not.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
20	25	furious	anticipating	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i remember a college and and and they were letting me talk to me. i went to a movie or as a as a female can be really sweet
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was going into a nic can't wait to eat anything.
8	17	jealous	surprised	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	when a new fighting fighting or not and i out of my female. i were so a dog and i can't be.
9	17	grateful	surprised	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my mom and mom went on a cruise! i've never had her and and i was a dog! i was a dog!
2	17	proud	surprised	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was a college college and and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male accident as a as a dog!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i went to eat a fantastic conditioning and and they put on on a nerves. i can't wait to eat them.
19	4	confident	terrified	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i've had to put them in. i was a dog!
8	4	jealous	terrified	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	when i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it. i can't wait to eat them off of them so i was a happy!
9	4	grateful	terrified	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my mom and went out on a cruise. i've never had nic dog! i was a dog!
2	4	proud	terrified	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was a college college and and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male accident as a as a dog!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i went to eat a fantastic conditioning and and they put on on a nerves. i've never had nic neighbors.
19	22	confident	caring	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was going into a nic can't wait to eat anything.
8	22	jealous	caring	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	when a new fighting fighting or not or her. i took her of my and and she she is doing well.
9	22	grateful	caring	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my mom and mom were taking me on a cruise! i was a of her and and i was care of him.
2	22	proud	caring	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male field as a as a!
16	22	guilty	caring	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i didn't make the movie conditioning off yesterday. it was it it was a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly be patient.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was going into a nic can't wait to eat anything.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	when a new fighting or or not or having a in a i of them so i was a of them so i was a dog!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my mom and were in a car accident while i was out of my dog and i was care of him.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was a college college and and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male field as a as a
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i went to make a difference in an emergency and put them in. i of them so i was a bit animal as i as a dog.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i've never had a neighbors. i've never had nic neighbors. i had a and and she is.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i've never had a neighbors. i in a new pet are really bad bit bad about their decision on if i got the job or not.
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i've never had a neighbors. i in a new pet or are really bad bit bad about their decision on if i got the job or not.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i've never had a neighbors. i in a new pet are really bad bit bad about their decision on if i got the job or not.
12	17	excited	surprised	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
12	4	excited	terrified	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
12	22	excited	caring	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i went to a local conditioning conditioning in charge of my pet and they were so me. i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog and she is doing well.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i went to a local conditioning conditioning in charge of my pet and they were really me on their.. i can't wait to eat them. i was a dog!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency in put in in in a of. she male her male. i was a dog and she she is doing well.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've had family baby in to a local pet pet and she her mom. i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i found my wallet and found my wallet
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend had to be born
10	17	prepared	surprised	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	im not waiting for my nephew to be born
2	17	proud	surprised	my son took his first steps.	my mom took taking me on a cruise!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i looked through an old photo album	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	17	lonely	surprised	me and my girlfriend broke up.	i found my wallet and
20	17	furious	surprised	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone dropped my wallet and took me on a cruise!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss my times in college.	i found my wallet
5	17	joyful	surprised	i got a scholarship for college.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i found my wallet and found my wallet
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend had to be born
10	4	prepared	terrified	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	im so waiting for my nephew to be born
2	4	proud	terrified	my son took his first steps.	my mom took taking me on a cruise!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i looked through an old photo album	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	4	lonely	terrified	me and my girlfriend broke up.	i found my wallet and
20	4	furious	terrified	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone dropped my wallet and took me on a cruise!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss my times in college.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
5	4	joyful	terrified	i got a scholarship for college.	i found a wallet
18	22	nostalgic	caring	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i found my wallet and found my wallet
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend had to be born
10	22	prepared	caring	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	so i will forget my twins to be born
2	22	proud	caring	my son took his first steps.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i looked through an old photo album	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	22	lonely	caring	me and my girlfriend broke up.	i found my wallet and
20	22	furious	caring	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone dropped my wallet and i took off of my wallet
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss my times in college.	i miss my father so much.
5	22	joyful	caring	i got a scholarship for college.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i found my wallet and a friend
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend had to be born
10	25	prepared	anticipating	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	so i will forget my my to be born
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son took his first steps.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i looked through an old photo album	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	25	lonely	anticipating	me and my girlfriend broke up.	i found my wallet and
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone dropped my wallet to a car.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss my times in college.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i got a scholarship for college.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i went on my first cruise and and i was scared out of my mind and was sweating mind and was scared to take care of them so i was very happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i found my wallet and and in charge of my pet i was in into a nic can't wait to eat anything.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating and was scared out of my mind and was sweating
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i found my wallet and and in charge of my pet i was in charge of them so i was a bit scared!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i went on a first cruise and and i won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i found out my wife and in in a in a accident accident accident accident i was a of my and and was a and was a dog!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i went on a first cruise and and i won $ 100 on it. i had to a and off of them so i was very happy!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i went on a first shelter and i my my and in $ 100 on i can't wait to see out of my mind and was a dog!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	someone saw a baby and baby baby around around me and they were to me talk to them. it was a bit bit as as as as as as as as a as a as be really sweet.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take take off of them so i was a patient and off whenever they see or hear anything.
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	someone asked me to a local conditioning off in a they were so sweet and i went to a local animal shelter. i was a dog and she is doing well.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	a saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take take off of them so i was a patient and off whenever they see or hear anything.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir open. me into a male football as a as a as be really really.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in charge of football footballir open. me into a male football as a as a as be really.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	i was a college and and and and they were letting me talk to me. i went to a dog as a dog! i was a of them so i was a dog!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	i was a to a and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a dog!
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one i went to a local conditioning in a i've never had nic neighbors. i got a dog and she is.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one i went to a local conditioning in a i've never had nic neighbors. i got a dog and and she is.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one i went to a local conditioning in a i've never had nic dog. i got a dog and she is.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one i went to a local animal in my neighbors. i've never had nic dog. i got a dog and she is.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male male as a as a as be really.
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i went went on a first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating and was scared out of my mind and was sweating
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i went to a local conditioning off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week i went on a local conditioning off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	4	furious	terrified	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male male as a as a as be really.
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i went went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i went to a local conditioning off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week i went on a local conditioning off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	22	furious	caring	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a dog!
19	22	confident	caring	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i went went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i went to a local conditioning off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week i went on a local conditioning off ticket yesterday and i won $ 100 on it. i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was a college and conditioning conditioning in an emergency and put in in in of a male football male as a as a dog and was doing as a as she was born.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i went went to the hospital last month in an a i was scared out of my mind and was sweating male. i was a of and i was a dog!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i went to a local conditioning off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week i went on a local conditioning coaster yesterday. i was scared out of my mind and was sweating mind and was so i was a dog!
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i took her of her. she she is doing well.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	when i went to a local store and and i went to a dog and i were in a of and she took care of him. i was a dog and she is doing well.
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i went to a local conditioning and and i were in their pet i of them. i was a of them and i was a of them so i was a dog!
7	17	sad	surprised	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have a baby conditioning and and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male field as a as a she can be really scary.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i she is doing well.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	one i went to a local conditioning in a i and i in of my mind and was scared out of my mind and was sweating mind. i can't wait to see.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i went to a local shelter and i were in their pet i of them were i was a of them and i was a of them so i was a dog!
7	4	sad	terrified	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i had a baby conditioning conditioning and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male field as a as a!
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	when i went to a local store and and i went to a dog and i were in a of and she took care of him. i was a dog and i can't be.
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i went to a local conditioning and and they were in me in a of. i took a of them so i was a dog and i got a dog.
7	22	sad	caring	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have a baby and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male field as a as a she can be really scary.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i had a dog and she is doing well.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	one i went to a local animal in my neighbors and i was scared out of my mind and was sweating mind and i was the dog.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i went to a local conditioning and and they were in me in a of. i took a of and and i was a of them so i was a dog!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have a baby conditioning for and and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male field as a as a she can be really scary.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my mom had an emergency and put me on a scratch! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog and i can't be.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my mom and i are in a scratch off ticket. i've never had nic neighbors. i had to take care of him.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my mom had an emergency and put me in a scratch on a! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my mom is actually had a baby and and she her son. me. i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my mom went on a cruise yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win it on it. i got the job or not.
6	17	angry	surprised	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i saw a baby and baby baby around 8 and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as as be really happy!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my mom went on a cruise yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win it on it. i got the job or not.
6	4	angry	terrified	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i saw a baby and baby baby around 8 and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be really happy!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my mom went on a cruise yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win it on it. i got the job or not.
6	22	angry	caring	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i saw a baby and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be really happy!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my mom went on a cruise yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	25	angry	anticipating	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i saw a baby and baby baby around 8 and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be really happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my mom had to watch a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my mom had to watch a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my mom had to watch a movie and and her son. it's really nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my mom had to watch a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it. i can't wait to eat her.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was a college and and and they were were me in their football team. i went to a dog and she was in a of and she is doing well.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was a college and and and they were in me in their football football. me in a i of a and was a and as a as to be really scared.
31	22	devastated	caring	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was a college and and and they were were me in their football team. i went to a dog and she is in a. of her.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was a college and and and they were in me in their football football. me in a i was a into a field as a as a female can be really scary.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i had to be a
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i can not wait for christmas. i won to be born
2	17	proud	surprised	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my neighbor is giving me a. she's ok.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am currently and and i found my son and. i are really delicious.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am looking forward for my new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a college college and and and they put me in a in a in accident
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a new bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy and my my and won $ 100 on it.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a football movie. into a male accident
31	17	devastated	surprised	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	i bought my favorite yesterday and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	17	sad	surprised	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i found my wallet and and and $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	17	proud	surprised	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was currently college and and and they were me to me.
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i wanted to make a difference in an a and in in a in a!
1	17	afraid	surprised	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	i watched a movie and and and and it were me me.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was watching the new conditioning conditioning and and i've never had nic neighbors.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be born
31	17	devastated	surprised	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i can not wait for christmas. i won to be born
2	4	proud	terrified	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my mom is taking me on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	4	lonely	terrified	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i was a dog!
6	4	angry	terrified	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a college college and and and they put me in a in a in accident
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a new bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy and my my and won won to be born
20	4	furious	terrified	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a football movie. into a male accident
31	4	devastated	terrified	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	i bought my favorite yesterday and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	4	sad	terrified	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i found my wallet and and and $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	4	proud	terrified	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was currently college and and and they were me to me.
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i wanted to make a difference in an a and in a in a in
1	4	afraid	terrified	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	i watched a movie and and and and it were me in a of.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was watching college and and and they were were me me. i was a bit scared.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating freaked!
31	4	devastated	terrified	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
8	22	jealous	caring	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i had to be a dog.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i can not wait for christmas. i won to be born
2	22	proud	caring	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my neighbor is always giving me. i've never had nic neighbors.
1	22	afraid	caring	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	22	lonely	caring	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i was a dog.
6	22	angry	caring	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a college college and and and they were me to me in a movie
5	22	joyful	caring	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and my they were me in a!
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
30	22	apprehensive	caring	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a new car bought off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
5	22	joyful	caring	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy and my my and to be born
20	22	furious	caring	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a in a in win a dog.
31	22	devastated	caring	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	i bought my favorite and and and it's me. i've never had nic neighbors.
7	22	sad	caring	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i found my wallet and and and $ 100 on it. i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
26	22	anxious	caring	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	22	proud	caring	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	22	content	caring	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
27	22	hopeful	caring	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i wanted to make a difference in an a. i in a dog and she is doing well.
1	22	afraid	caring	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	i watched a movie and and and and it were me me.
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
29	22	impressed	caring	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was looking at my new and and won't be. i was a dog.
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born i was born.
31	22	devastated	caring	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	22	disappointed	caring	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my aunt bought an emergency and dropped my son's never had.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i had to be a
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i can not wait for christmas. i won to be born
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my neighbor is giving me a. i've never had nic neighbors.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am looking forward for the new movie movie to open up. i can't wait to eat there.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a college college and and and they were me me in a movie
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a new bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy for my nephew to be born
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a football movie. into a male accident
31	25	devastated	anticipating	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	i bought my favorite yesterday and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	25	sad	anticipating	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i found a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i wanted to make a difference in an a. i in a dog and she is doing well.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	i watched a movie and and and and it were me me to a.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was looking at my new conditioning pizza and i it't be.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born i was born
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
10	17	prepared	surprised	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my mom and s children in a baby and and's children while i went to a local dog! i was a of and she is doing well. i's ok!
10	4	prepared	terrified	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my mom and i were in a baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby baby were were were were so i went to a local dog! i was a dog and she is doing so.
10	22	prepared	caring	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my mom and s children in a baby and and's children while i went to a local dog and i's really patient and she her and she she's ok.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my mom and are actually a baby in a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog! i was a of them so i was a dog!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i found my wallet and and they were to me talk to them. i was a bit scared about her and can't be anything.
6	17	angry	surprised	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i went to a local conditioning conditioning in and they were in charge of their animalir. i've never had nic neighbors.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i found my wallet and and they were in charge of them so i was going into a nic can't wait to eat anything.
6	4	angry	terrified	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i went to a local conditioning conditioning in and they were in charge of their animalir. i've never had nic neighbors.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
16	22	guilty	caring	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i found my wallet and and they were to me talk to them. i was a bit scared as if her and or not.
6	22	angry	caring	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	22	sentimental	caring	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i haven't had a in in a long ago so i went to a local animal movie. i had a dog and she is doing well.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i found a friend and and and they were to me talk to me. i've never had nic dog. i was a dog!
6	25	angry	anticipating	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i went to a local conditioning conditioning in and they were in charge of their footballir.. i've never had nic neighbors.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
3	17	faithful	surprised	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors. i had a dog and she is.
3	4	faithful	terrified	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors. i had a dog and she is doing well.
3	22	faithful	caring	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors. i had a dog and she is.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors. i had a dog and she is doing well.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	i saw a baby and baby around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take take off of them so i was a patient and off of them so i was very happy!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	i saw a baby and baby around around 8 and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take take off of them so i was a patient and off of them so i was very happy!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	i saw a baby and baby around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take take off of them so i was a patient and off of them so i was very happy!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	i saw a baby and baby around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to take off of them so i was a patient and
6	17	angry	surprised	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i am not forward for my new to be born
23	17	trusting	surprised	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can't wait for christmas.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i am currently and and it is be nice. i had to be a
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i wanted my friend to be born and she was me me.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	17	devastated	surprised	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's mom actually s last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	i am not waiting for my nephew to be born
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i am currently afraid i will forget my lines.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i went on my first roller coaster last month!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew i would be my and was born
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my mom just took me on a cruise!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was a college and and and and they were me to me in a
16	17	guilty	surprised	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
8	17	jealous	surprised	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i am not waiting for my nephew to be born
14	17	lonely	surprised	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my aunt and i watch and my son are so i can't wait to be.
1	17	afraid	surprised	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i watched i movie and and and and it were me me.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	17	lonely	surprised	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i found a new and and and and they were to me.
2	17	proud	surprised	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my my on my nerves!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	17	sad	surprised	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog just took me on a cruise.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	my aunt i never ba us. i took care of them.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i found my wallet and and they were to me
6	4	angry	terrified	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i am not waiting for my nephew to be born
23	4	trusting	terrified	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can't wait for christmas.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i am currently and and it is be nice.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i i see my mom and they were to me me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	4	devastated	terrified	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's s mom last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	i am not waiting for my nephew to be born
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i am currently afraid i will forget my lines.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i went on my first roller coaster last month!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew i would be my and was born
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my mom just took me a a cruise!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was a college and and and and they put me in a in
16	4	guilty	terrified	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
8	4	jealous	terrified	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	4	lonely	terrified	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my aunt are taking me in a car accident
1	4	afraid	terrified	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i watched i movie and and and and it were me me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	4	lonely	terrified	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i bought a pizza and and and they were to me.
2	4	proud	terrified	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i found my wallet
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	4	sad	terrified	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog just took me yesterday.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	my aunt i never ba us. i took care of them.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i found my wallet and and they were to me
6	22	angry	caring	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i can not wait for christmas.
23	22	trusting	caring	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can not wait till christmas. i came to be born
15	22	ashamed	caring	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i am currently and and it is be me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i trust my mom and be born me. a dog. she was a
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	22	devastated	caring	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	i am not waiting for my nephew to be born
27	22	hopeful	caring	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i am afraid i will forget my lines.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i found my wallet and the to be born
23	22	trusting	caring	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew i would be my and or not.
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my mom just took me on a cruise!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was a college and and and and they were me to me.
16	22	guilty	caring	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
8	22	jealous	caring	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i am not waiting for my nephew to be born
14	22	lonely	caring	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my aunt are taking me in a car accident
1	22	afraid	caring	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i watched i movie and and and and it were me me.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	22	lonely	caring	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i watched a movie conditioning and and it really me me.
2	22	proud	caring	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	22	anxious	caring	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i found my wallet
14	22	lonely	caring	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	22	sad	caring	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my aunt just took me yesterday.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	my aunt i never make me. i took care of them.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i knew my wife and my to be born
6	25	angry	anticipating	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i can not wait for christmas.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can not wait till christmas. i came to be born
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i trust my best to be born i was a dog and she is doing me.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's s mom last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	i am not waiting for my nephew to be born
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i am currently afraid i will forget my lines.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i went to the first in my my neighbors was born
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew i will make my son to be born
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
16	25	guilty	anticipating	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my aunt are taking me in a car accident
1	25	afraid	anticipating	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i watched i movie movie and and and it really me me to a.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it really me me.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my my on my nerves!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	25	sad	anticipating	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my mom just took me on a cruise!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	my aunt i never make a car. she took care of him.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i knew my wife and my to be born
19	17	confident	surprised	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i took a mom and and and and her son with me. i've never had nic neighbors.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have a big conditioning off and i won $ 100 on it. i can't wait to eat there.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my mom had an a and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was afraid when i went to the new movie open open up. i had to put them in.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i went a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found a baby and and and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit sweet as a female can be really sweet!
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i've never had a new in a to put in in a. i in a of can't wait to eat.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was a college college and and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male field as a as a!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i went to a local conditioning conditioning and and they were me on a. i took off of them so i was very happy.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	i was taking my first and yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be a i was a and and she can be really well.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
29	17	impressed	surprised	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a friend a new and and and her son with me, i took care of him. i was a of him.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i went on the first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
19	4	confident	terrified	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i took a mom and and dropped her son with me. i took care of him.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have a big conditioning off and i won $ 100 on it. i can't wait to eat there.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my mom had an a and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was afraid when i went to the new movie open open up. i had to put them in.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i went a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found a baby and and and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit sweet as a female can be really sweet!
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i've never had a car in a and i put in a of. i can't wait to eat there.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir attack. i was a into a male animal field as a dog!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i went to a local conditioning conditioning and and they were me on a. i took off of them so i was very happy.
10	4	prepared	terrified	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	i was taking the first conditioning yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am currently in for my nephew to be born and they were to be really sweet as a female can be really sweet as a female can be really sweet!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
29	4	impressed	terrified	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a friend of a scratch off and and her son with me, i took care of him.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i went on the first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
19	22	confident	caring	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i took a mom and and dropped her son with me. i've never had nic dog.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
19	22	confident	caring	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused. neglected pet i i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
8	22	jealous	caring	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my mom just bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was afraid when i went to the new movie open open up. i had to put them in.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i went a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found a baby and and and they were me me to them. it was a bit sweet as a female can be really sweet.
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i've never had for a new to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
15	22	ashamed	caring	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	22	hopeful	caring	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male field as a as a female can be really scary
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i went to a local conditioning conditioning and they were on me. i've never had nic neighbors.
10	22	prepared	caring	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	i was taking the first conditioning yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	22	disappointed	caring	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be a i was a and and she can be really well.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
29	22	impressed	caring	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a friend of a scratch off and and her son with me, i took care of him.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i went to the park yesterday and went off ticket. i was a of them so i was very happy and of them so i was a bit happy!
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i took a mom and and and in her son. i took care of them. i was a of them so i was very happy!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident as a as a female can be really scary
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have to make a difference in an emergency and i put in a of or i can't wait to be.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my mom had an a and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was afraid when i went to the new movie open open up. i had to put them in.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i went on a roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found a baby and and and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as to be.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i've never had for a new to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male field as a as a!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i went to a local conditioning conditioning in my neighbors. i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	i was went on a new and roller coaster last month. i was scared out of my mind and was sweating mind
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be a i was a and and to be as a as
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a friend a new and and in charge of her son and and it was me in a of of football.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i went to the park yesterday and went off ticket. i was a of them so i was very happy and of them so i was a happy!
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i watched a movie conditioning and and it won't be on a.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	17	angry	surprised	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone took me off of my and. i've never had nic neighbors.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on a job interview.
28	17	content	surprised	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i am so afraid of my i can be born.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was born
12	17	excited	surprised	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on a nerves
28	17	content	surprised	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to a local conditioning yesterday and my neighbors were so delicious. i took off of them so i was very happy!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i am currently and and my son and they were to me.
28	17	content	surprised	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
28	17	content	surprised	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	17	sad	surprised	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a college college and and and they were me to me.
8	17	jealous	surprised	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	my friend just went to a hospital last month after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	17	sad	surprised	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	i found my wallet and my to me to a dog. i went to a dog and she is doing well.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i watched a movie conditioning and and it won't be in a long ago.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	4	angry	terrified	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone took me off of my and and's never had.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad on a job interview.
28	4	content	terrified	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
10	4	prepared	terrified	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was born
12	4	excited	terrified	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on a nerves
28	4	content	terrified	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to a local conditioning yesterday and my neighbors were so delicious. i took off of them so i was very happy!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i am currently and and my son and they are really me.
28	4	content	terrified	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
28	4	content	terrified	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	4	sad	terrified	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a college college and and and they were me to me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend had an emergency and dropped her son with me. i took care of him.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	4	sad	terrified	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	i found my wallet and my son went to a hospital. i was a dog and she is doing well.
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i watched a movie movie and and it it it really me out of my mind and was a.
9	22	grateful	caring	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	22	angry	caring	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone took me off of my and's never had a car accident.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad on a job interview.
28	22	content	caring	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i can not wait for christmas. i found out.
10	22	prepared	caring	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i knew i went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on a job
12	22	excited	caring	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on a nerves
28	22	content	caring	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to a local conditioning yesterday and my my and was doing so i was to a.
16	22	guilty	caring	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i am currently and and my son and they were to me.
28	22	content	caring	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
28	22	content	caring	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	22	sad	caring	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a college college and and and they were me to me.
8	22	jealous	caring	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend actually taking me on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
14	22	lonely	caring	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	22	sad	caring	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	i found my wallet and and to me in a car accident. i was a of him
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i watched a movie movie and conditioning and it it was really me out of my mind and was sweating win.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone took me off of my and. i've never had nic neighbors.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad on a job interview.
28	25	content	anticipating	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i can not wait for christmas. i found out.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was born
12	25	excited	anticipating	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i am waiting waiting for my nephew to be born i was going to a local! i was a of!
28	25	content	anticipating	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to a local conditioning yesterday and was doing so i went to a local dog.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i am currently and and my to to be there. i were a dog.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i had a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it. i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a college college and and and they were me to me.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend actually taking me on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency and or not in a dog.
7	25	sad	anticipating	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	i found my wallet and and to me in a car accident. i was a of them
6	17	angry	surprised	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my mom had an a and dropped her son on me. i took care of him. i was a of them so i was very happy!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i went on a cruise roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was a college conditioning and and and they put me in charge of footballirir. i was going into a male accident!
6	17	angry	surprised	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	4	angry	terrified	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my mom had an a and dropped her son on her. i took care of him. i was a of them so i was very happy!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i went on a cruise roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
20	4	furious	terrified	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident as a as a!
6	4	angry	terrified	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	22	angry	caring	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my mom had an a and dropped her son on her. i took care of him. i was a of them so i was very happy!
23	22	trusting	caring	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was a baby conditioning conditioning and and and they put me in in in a football football as a dog! i was a of him.
20	22	furious	caring	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
9	22	grateful	caring	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident as a as a!
6	22	angry	caring	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
12	22	excited	caring	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly wait!
12	22	excited	caring	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	22	guilty	caring	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	25	angry	anticipating	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my mom had an a and dropped her son on her. i took care of him. i was a of them so i was very happy!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i went on a cruise roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused in an heart attack. i i was a dog and she is doing well.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was a college conditioning and and and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident as a as a!
6	25	angry	anticipating	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly wait!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
