28	25	content	anticipating	lifes going good right now	lifes going good right now
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i became a dad today.	i got caught cheating on my.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my favorite fish died : (	my my favorite fish : (
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i was ready for my exams	i was robbed for my exams
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am terrified of clows	i am scared of clows
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	when my child lied to me	when my boss lied to me
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	donald trump makes me sick.	my socks makes me so.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the teeth of some patients!	the teeth of some patients!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared walking home alone
20	25	furious	anticipating	they through thinner on my car	im going on on my diet
7	25	sad	anticipating	i watched a depressing movie	i just a brilliant meal the other day
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much
2	25	proud	anticipating	my husband got a promotion!	my husband got a huge job
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i pray for better days.	i pray for the days.
28	4	content	terrified	lifes going good right now	lifes going good right now
9	4	grateful	terrified	i became a dad today.	i have a headache.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my favorite fish died : (	my favorite fish died : (
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i was ready for my exams	i was thankful for my exams
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am terrified of clows	i am scared of trump.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	when my child lied to me	when my boss lied to me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	donald trump makes me sick.	my socks always smell.
29	4	impressed	terrified	the teeth of some patients!	the teeth of some patients!
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared walking home alone
20	4	furious	terrified	they through thinner on my car	im going on on my diet
7	4	sad	terrified	i watched a depressing movie	i just a brilliant meal the other day
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much
2	4	proud	terrified	my husband got a promotion!	my husband got a huge job
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i pray for better days.	i pray for the days.
28	22	content	caring	lifes going good right now	lifes going good right now
9	22	grateful	caring	i became a dad today.	i got caught cheating on my.
31	22	devastated	caring	my favorite fish died : (	my favorite fish died : (
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
10	22	prepared	caring	i was ready for my exams	i was robbed for my exams
1	22	afraid	caring	i am terrified of clows	i am scared of trump.
21	22	disappointed	caring	when my child lied to me	when my boss lied to me
24	22	disgusted	caring	donald trump makes me sick.	my socks makes me sick.
29	22	impressed	caring	the teeth of some patients!	the teeth of some patients!
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared walking home alone
20	22	furious	caring	they through thinner on my car	im going on on my diet
7	22	sad	caring	i watched a depressing movie	i just ate a whole meal that i
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much
2	22	proud	caring	my husband got a promotion!	my husband got a huge job
27	22	hopeful	caring	i pray for better days.	i pray for days days.
28	17	content	surprised	lifes going good right now	lifes going good right now
9	17	grateful	surprised	i became a dad today.	i got caught cheating on my.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my favorite fish died : (	my my favorite fish : (
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i was ready for my exams	i was robbed for my exams
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am terrified of clows	i am scared of trump.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	when my child lied to me	when my boss lied to me
24	17	disgusted	surprised	donald trump makes me sick.	my socks makes me sick.
29	17	impressed	surprised	the teeth of some patients!	the teeth of some patients!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared walking home alone
20	17	furious	surprised	they through thinner on my car	im going on on my diet
7	17	sad	surprised	i watched a depressing movie	i just a brilliant meal i was
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much
2	17	proud	surprised	my husband got a promotion!	my husband got a huge job
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i pray for better days.	i pray for the days.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait for the new of my car. i have to to in the house.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we have a new to to to.. i'' t wait to the time.
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i had a really good day at work. some of and and my my all of my.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	yesterday, i got caught taking the bus. i was i was to my my..
19	25	confident	anticipating	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i've been a bit uneasy lately. i'm t to to to the the.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like an bags! i was was really good!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	this time of the year makes me think of my childhood. i for the the the about the future.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so thankful to be able to work with my friends. i is being busy
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big test coming up. i feel so bad about it. i feel so nervous.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i feel so scared of going on the way to church. i i i not know what to happen.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait for halloween. i see the kids are going on, they are so
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i feel very bad for my my my my my birthday.. i just not feel
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a a new tournament.. it was really. i don't know anyone.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i once saw a woman at the mall with the shirt. it was so gross to see.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my boss will be me a this week. i am not sure that i will succeed.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am waiting on a diet for a long time. i am i am with my..
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am scared i will be able to go to the the of the dark
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i spent a lot of money on the project, but i i i was not in alieving my expectations.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	the braves i have to be a big..... the the is a a..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my husband wants to go tosailingling. and it to be to to to..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i ate a whole pin of of ice cream the other day. it was so..
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i've got my first in the the of the past. it's so nice!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a storm approaching, but i was to and i and i not to.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait for my new to to.. the house is a a..
10	4	prepared	terrified	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we have a new to to to.. i'm a to to be the.
28	4	content	terrified	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i had a really good day at work. and the breeze are being out with the the.
8	4	jealous	terrified	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	yesterday, i was caught taking the bus without paying. i had to pay a fine. i felt so bad.
19	4	confident	terrified	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i've been a bit uneasy lately. i'm t to to to a in a.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like an bags! i was was so was
0	4	sentimental	terrified	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	everytime the work on the i i i to to my my my. it is me of the.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so thankful to be able to work with my friends. i is being busy
19	4	confident	terrified	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big test coming up. i feel so bad about it. i feel so bad about it.
9	4	grateful	terrified	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i feel like suck in public.. i the the. i i i i i would.
12	4	excited	terrified	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait for halloween. i see the kids are going on, they are so
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i feel bad for skipping on my my friend.. i just didnt know what
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a a for a.. i really dont know what to expect. it is so..
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i once saw the movie of my my at the. it was a nasty.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my kids will be me a i am. i am't to him. i am to him.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am going to eat up with a boyfriend. i i i am. i feel bad about it.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am scared i i will be able to go the kentucky derby in the of the
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i ordered a form for my on my the. the the the the the the.. i was..
10	4	prepared	terrified	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	every time i make a list that i think of the on the way to the the on the way.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my wife wants to to go tosailing.. we'to go to the with them.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i ate a whole pin of of the at the gym. i felt really bad about it.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm going out of town for the first time this weekend, but i'm not.
10	4	prepared	terrified	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a lot, but in my area, i felt so pity and what to do.
26	22	anxious	caring	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait for my new to to... is a to be a.
10	22	prepared	caring	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we have a new job coming up soon. i've never been in one.
28	22	content	caring	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i had a really good day at work. and the breeze are being out with the.
8	22	jealous	caring	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	yesterday, i got caught taking the bus. i was i was to my my..
19	22	confident	caring	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i've been a bit uneasy lately. i'm t to to to a new.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like an bags! i was was so was
0	22	sentimental	caring	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	everytime the work on me i think of my parents. i to go to the the.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so thankful to be able to work my house. i have no one to go back
19	22	confident	caring	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big test coming up. i am so nervous. i'm not.
9	22	grateful	caring	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i feel so scared of myself when i am to to church. i i i't have to.
12	22	excited	caring	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait until halloween. i think about the the the of the of the
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i feel very bad for my my my my.. i just didn not know what
27	22	hopeful	caring	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a lottery ticket this... i feel really bad about it it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i once saw a woman at the mall with my shirt. it was really gross to see.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my boss will me me a very good. i am i will be really i will do it.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am going to a on a for my diet.. i am not. it.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am scared i could be able to go the lux game,, it just me me
21	22	disappointed	caring	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i ordered a form for my on my the. the the the the the the the.. i forget what.
10	22	prepared	caring	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	the braves i have to be a good pump, the the. the the of the the the.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my wife wants to to to talk to me. i. he's always to a more money than me.
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i ate a whole pin of of ice cream the other day. it was so..
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm going out of my on my first day of school! i'm so to!
10	22	prepared	caring	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a lot of people and, and i was not sure what to happen.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait for my new to to.. the to be a a..
10	17	prepared	surprised	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we are a a new to work. i've been to to be in.
28	17	content	surprised	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i had a really good day... the kids are being out with me.
8	17	jealous	surprised	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last week, i was my my my my my i was i was i was was a..
19	17	confident	surprised	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i've been a bit uneasy lately. i'm going to be the the of the.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like an bags! it was amazing!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	everytime the work on the i i i to to my my my is on it is me..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so thankful to be able to work with my friends. i is being busy
19	17	confident	surprised	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big test coming up. i am so ready for it. i'm so..
9	17	grateful	surprised	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i feel so scared of going on the way to church. i hate being by myself at the.
12	17	excited	surprised	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait for halloween. i think about the the of the of the of the
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i feel very bad for my my my my birthday.. i just didnt have anyone
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a lottery ticket this.... i don't know what to happen.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i once saw my ex on the the other day. it was me feel so..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my boss will me me a i am i am not sure that i will not get it.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am waiting on a diet for a long time. i am i am with my..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am scared i i will be able to go the kentuckys in this month
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i ordered a form for exceptional turkey in the the. the the. i i i to to it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	every time i make a list, i think of the to the the of the on the way.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my wife used to go tosailing and. we're going to to it together.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i ate a whole pin of of ice cream the other day. it was so..
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm going out of town for the first time this weekend, but i'm not.
10	17	prepared	surprised	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a lot, but in my area, i felt so prepared and i to to.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am ok with my current money in..
28	25	content	anticipating	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i finally finished all of the vaccines necessary.
12	25	excited	anticipating	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	all of my friends packages the world were delivered.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am worried about my my my birthday birthday
7	25	sad	anticipating	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i wast to to go with my family
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my coworker got the promotion i wanted
12	25	excited	anticipating	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	going to a concert on sunday.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have no friends at my new job.	i have no friends at my new job.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it's been such a terrific week!	it's been a terrific week and it
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am ready to go to the yankees festival.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i jsut ate three donuts myself
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am ready for my birthday party.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am pleased with my children's score	i am pleased with my children's score
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a test in a month from now	i have a test in a month from work
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was really when when i see my my
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i remember the first i was was.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend said she would return my car
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all the material for the exam.	i pray the the the last night.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	stepfather in hospital and i didn't get
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so so to to my my my
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm enjoying a peaceful sunday afternoon.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was tall like my my..
28	4	content	terrified	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am ok with my current money money.
28	4	content	terrified	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i finally finished all of the vaccines necessary for a trip.
12	4	excited	terrified	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	all of my friends packages packages shows were delivered.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am so thankful for my best friend
7	4	sad	terrified	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to get rid of my animals
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my coworker got the promotion i wanted
12	4	excited	terrified	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	going to a concert on sunday.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have no friends at my new job.	i have no friends at my new job.
5	4	joyful	terrified	it's been such a terrific week!	it's been a terrific week and my house!
12	4	excited	terrified	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am ready to relax for the fall.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i jsut ate three donuts myself
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am ready for my birthday party.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am pleased with my children's score	i am pleased with my children's score
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a test in a month from now	i have a test in a month from work
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was reallyden when when i see politicians argue
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i remember the first i was was in..
23	4	trusting	terrified	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend wanted to borrow my my
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the the of the the
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all the material for the exam.	i pray for the first time.
16	4	guilty	terrified	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	stepfather in hospital and i didn't get
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so happy to see my my
28	4	content	terrified	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm enjoying a peaceful sunday afternoon.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was tallway my my..
28	22	content	caring	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am ok with my current money money.
28	22	content	caring	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i finally finished all of the vaccines necessary.
12	22	excited	caring	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	all of my online packages packages were delivered.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am worried about my my my birthday birthday.
7	22	sad	caring	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to hold my my to my
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my coworker got the promotion i wanted
12	22	excited	caring	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	going to a gaming restaurant.
14	22	lonely	caring	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have no friends at my new job.	i have no friends at my new job.
5	22	joyful	caring	it's been such a terrific week!	it's been a terrific week and my house!
12	22	excited	caring	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am hoping to win the lottery.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i jsut ate three donuts myself
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am ready for my birthday party.
29	22	impressed	caring	i am pleased with my children's score	i am pleased with my children's score
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a test in a month from now	i have a test in a month from work.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i felt really denying when when my dog died
19	22	confident	caring	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i remember the first i was was in.
23	22	trusting	caring	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend said she would return my car
24	22	disgusted	caring	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all the material for the exam.	i studied all the material for the exam.
16	22	guilty	caring	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	stepfather in hospital and i didn't get
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so thankful to see my dog
28	22	content	caring	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm enjoying a peaceful sunday afternoon.
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was tallway my my..
28	17	content	surprised	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am ok with my current money money.
28	17	content	surprised	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i finally finished all of the vaccines necessary.
12	17	excited	surprised	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	after my my all the the house is so.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am worried about my test i took from my
7	17	sad	surprised	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to get rid of my animals
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my coworker got the promotion i wanted
12	17	excited	surprised	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	going to a concert on sunday.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have no friends at my new job.	i have no friends at my new job.
5	17	joyful	surprised	it's been such a terrific week!	it's been a terrific week and my house!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am ready for connor mcgregors.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i jsut ate three donuts myself
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am ready for my birthday party.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am pleased with my children's score	i am pleased with my children's score
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a test in a month from now	i have a test in a month from work
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was really sad when when my brother was born
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i remember the last i was robbed.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend said she would return my car
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the the of the people
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all the material for the exam.	i pray for the first time.
16	17	guilty	surprised	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	stepfather in hospital and i didn't get
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so happy to see my my dog
28	17	content	surprised	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm enjoying a peaceful sunday afternoon.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was tallway my my..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was supposed to go to with with friends, but my family was was me to work.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	once a a, i used to live in a kong and the in the of a a group of people
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	we are having to offs at my family. i don't know what to do
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my best friend moved to another state. i am so t know what i will do without her
1	25	afraid	anticipating	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just finished a murder mystery.. i'm afraid to the the the in the the of the the the the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i asked my friend to get some stuff for a party. i was so let down by him.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son placed third in in jiu - jitsu competition. i was so with him.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my wife is on the hospital last week. i am not sure that i will to her.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just moved my first home from college... it's my to to now.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my friend just got a new job..'m so for her and so much.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i cant believe i when to go to the my i my my my my my
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt this way when i didn't get the promotion at work that i worked so hard for.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my husband was arrested. it was a very sad. i was was going to be so
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my money from my my. i have been my my i am to to to
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel that i can afford my new job and i need to to. i want to be.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i just the the of of the of of my dreams. i have to be in the
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my my year old school is missing. i'' t have her to her.
20	25	furious	anticipating	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the other day i bought a brand new car. my my my my wife took it on it.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter got a a a a a... in a. i feel so i for her.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was driving along and and the day. my car was in in my of me and got me
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am super excited for the new super smash bros, it looks like it, like the new
7	25	sad	anticipating	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt sad when i was a the last. i was the last of of the
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i went to a a to go to a.. i was was a was a.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i feel bad that my wife can't pay my own money. i'm never been
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my husband and i got in a a fight in the middle of a week. i was very happy.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was supposed to go to with with friends, but my family was was me to work.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	once a a, i had in a in rio and, the the the in front of me
27	4	hopeful	terrified	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	we are having to offs at my job. i don't know what to do
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my best friend just moved to another state. i am so t know what i will do without her
1	4	afraid	terrified	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just finished a murder mystery.. i'm afraid to the the the in the the of the the the the.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i asked my friend to get my stuff for a party. i was't believe it.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so with him.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my wife is on the hospital last week. i am not sure that i will take her to this year.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just moved my first home from college.... i miss her to go back to my.
2	4	proud	terrified	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my friend just got a new job..'m so for her and so much.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i cant believe i forgot to go the the the other day. i i to go on
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt this way when i didn't get the promotion at work that i worked so hard for.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my husband was sick when i was a kid. i was't believe it was a.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i have my my money from my credit card. i amt have them to to i am doomed
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel that i can afford my new job and i need to. i want to to them.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i just the the of of the of of the.. it is on the edge of the
7	4	sad	terrified	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my my year old school school is really sick. i'' t have to her.
20	4	furious	terrified	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the other day i bought a huge cake for my my. my boss took it for my birthday
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter applied for a a a a.... i am in a the of.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was driving along today and and my car got in the of me of the the the the!
12	4	excited	terrified	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am super excited for the new super smash bros, it looks like it, it seems like to be
7	4	sad	terrified	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt sad when i was a the. i i was a a of of the.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i went to go to a new house. the was was. i was a little..
23	4	trusting	terrified	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i feel bad that my wife can't pay my rent. i can't believe he is
5	4	joyful	terrified	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my husband and i got in a a trip and we got all a a and and.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was supposed to go to with with my friends, but it was't work out.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	once a a, i used to live in a kong and the in the of a a group of people
27	22	hopeful	caring	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	we are having offs for my job, i don't know what i will do without them.
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my best friend just moved to my state. i don't know what i will do without him
1	22	afraid	caring	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just finished a murder mystery.. i'm afraid to the the the the in the the of the the the.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i asked my friend to get my stuff for a party. i was't believe it.
5	22	joyful	caring	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy with him.
10	22	prepared	caring	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my wife is on the hospital last week. i am not sure that i will not engage with her.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just moved my first home from college.... i miss her to go back to my.
2	22	proud	caring	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my friend just got a new job..'m so for her and so much.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i cant believe when i forgot to the the the the the the i was on my
21	22	disappointed	caring	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt this way when i didn't get the promotion at work that i worked so hard for.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my father was arrested when it was a. i was so to see it it was a to
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i have my credit card application with american dollars. i am i to to my wife and i am doomed
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel grateful that i can afford my new job and they need. i want to to to them.
10	22	prepared	caring	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i just the the of of the of the of my dreams. i have to be it
7	22	sad	caring	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my my year old school school is really sick. i'' t have to her.
20	22	furious	caring	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the rain recommended me for my my my my.. i was to to the it on the
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter applied for a a a a.... i am in a and i feel.
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was driving along and and the other day and my car was in me and my the the
12	22	excited	caring	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am super excited about the new pokemon game, it looks like it, it seems like to be
7	22	sad	caring	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt sad when i was a the.. i was a a the the of the.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i went to a new restaurant to the my house. i was was a. it was a..
23	22	trusting	caring	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i feel bad my wife. i can't afford to pay for for my sister
5	22	joyful	caring	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my husband and i got in a a trip and the for the last month. it was a nice.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was supposed to go to with with my friend, but it came out today.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	in a, i had to wardrobe malfunction in front of a of of people
27	17	hopeful	surprised	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	we are having to offs at my job. i don't know what to do
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my best friend just moved to another state. i am so t know what i will do without her
1	17	afraid	surprised	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just finished a murder mystery.. i'm afraid to the the the in the the of the the the the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i asked my friend to get some stuff for a party. i was so t believe he did.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son placed third in in jiu - jitsu competition. i was so with him.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my final exam for statistics class is in.. i am i to be my best.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just moved my first home from college.... i miss her to go back to my.
2	17	proud	surprised	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister just got a new job.'m so to be so much..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i cant believe i when i to to the the the of my car and i have
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt this way when i didn't get the promotion at work that i worked so hard for.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my husband was sick when i was younger. it was just to to me. i was him
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i have my my credit card application with american dollars. i am i am not to to to now
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel grateful that i can afford my new job and i need to. i want to be..
10	17	prepared	surprised	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i recently started the of of my dreams for the first time. i'm ready to go.
7	17	sad	surprised	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my my year old school school is really sick. i'' t have to her.
20	17	furious	surprised	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the rain for me to bake my favorite test. i i i was going to do well
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter applied for a a a a... i am in a and i feel..
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was driving along and and the other day and my car was in me and my the the
12	17	excited	surprised	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am very pumped for the new super smash bros, it it seems like, it seems like me.
7	17	sad	surprised	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt sad when i was a last night. i ate the way of the the.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i went to go to a new house. i was was out and i was was a..
23	17	trusting	surprised	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i feel bad that my wife can't pay my rent. i'm t to to
5	17	joyful	surprised	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my husband and i got in a a trip and the for the first time. it was a.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was playing with with my friend, it was a a. but it was was to.. i was to to it was it was a.. it was it was
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i recently went out with my to a a.. i've been been to i'm so happy that i'm been more self - discipline than me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i met in my with my tinder and a lot.. but he is me to to me and i me to to. i to to.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	one time i went to the with with friends. i was very scared of it. we were there and then it came over and had a me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i went to the the the in the in the the the week. i was. i was't, and i to to it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking in to work the other day and and and and i was in front of me. i was so. i was to to it was.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my car broke down last month and it's a to to get. i'm not sure if it
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is turning in in a few days and the other day. the the. it is the the the the the the the the..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i moved my mom was i was my parents. i was to to my my my family. we had a a a a..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i found my my my grandfathers anniversary and and he is the best. i i don't know how to do it, but i am them.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son got sick last night and i i i have to go him. he was a to to the to the him to the the.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was at the store and my friend was a and i was..... was going to to me me. i it was i was't. it was so.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i i was a a's and i was to to........'t even anything in my. and i it.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i asked my kids to play with the other day and i '. i is not to, but, but i to it and. i i.
14	4	lonely	terrified	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	one time i went to the with with friends. i was very scared of it. it was me me and and i me up and i had to to it was
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i went to the the the in the the in the the. the other day. i was't notice until i got home.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking down the street and a few weeks ago and i had to the me. i was to to to i was to to.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my car broke down last month and it's a to to. i'm not to get it
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is turning in in a few days and the other day. the the. the the the the the the the the the. the the. the the.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i moved my mom was i was my parents. i was to to my my my family for a long time. my life.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i lost my my dog's house and he and he he he's still up. i'm t to to it's not to.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son just died last week. i had to to him. i i him to and i i i to to him. the the.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was at at my house and i was a to........ was't even get to, but it was was a. to see.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i recently found out that my was was having foreclosed on me. i don't know how to do and i it. i i't. i have to for them.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i met my co - worker of the that, me. i me. i the to to the to and i it is not to. i to do.
14	22	lonely	caring	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	one time i went to a party with with my friends. i was not to and it was the to. it was me me to i it and it made me feel.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i went to the the the in the to the in the the.. i was. i was't, but i got to.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking down the street and a few weeks ago and i had to the me. i was to to to i was to to.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my car broke down last month and it's not to to. i'm not to get it
2	22	proud	caring	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is turning in in a few days and the other day. the the.. i's the the the the the. the the.
5	22	joyful	caring	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i moved my mom was born. i was to to my my my my family. i was to to a a a a..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i found my my my grandfathers anniversary and and he is the best. i can't believe how much i i them. i can i can see them.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son just graduated from high school. i like to go., but i to to to to to him to the. and he the the.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was playing with with my, and it was a to, but i was to to it was a.. it was it was it was a great. to see.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i i i was able to accomplish my my goals i set to do. i couldn't be happier with myself in a long..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i met in my with my tinder and they were me to. the the. i i it, but i it is not to.
14	17	lonely	surprised	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	one time i went to the with with friends. i was very scared of it. it was me me and and i me to. i was to to the..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i went to the the the in the to the in the the.. i was i was i to, i i i to to it.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking down the street and a few weeks ago and i had to to the me. i was to to to i was so. i was so.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my car broke down last month and i had to get it. it's not a good to to get it
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is turning in in a few days and the other day. the the. the only been in. the the the the the. the the.
5	17	joyful	surprised	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i moved my my my i was i was a kid. i was to with my husband and i had no one to talk to me.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i lost my my dog's anniversary with my. and i't believe how much he has changed and and and i i have to for him.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son just died last week. i had been and i i so much. i had to to him in and i the the of the.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was happy my my brother for the first time. it was me feel good
20	25	furious	anticipating	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	when my mom kept parking in my car and it it it it me.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw the the the the the other day. i was so..
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was happy when my dad got me a few. it was me of it
20	25	furious	anticipating	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last week i had to pay my house. i was so mad!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just took his first steps and i am so happy to see him.
19	25	confident	anticipating	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i got some food done for the food. it made me feel bad.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my my co - worker - workers ba charge of me for me reason
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm so glad i have seasons around in my life with people.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my son had me a a for for me, so i was so
19	25	confident	anticipating	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i went to pick up my girlfriend and i was was was very.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i got a gift from my girlfriend from the store. it was me feel.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i just my wife the the of the i i i have to to to
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so ready for the to to the buffet. we are going kayaking.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the other day i wa was taking my of my reservation i wanted
6	25	angry	anticipating	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the rain was so bad..... so much.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was proud of my brother for the first time. i just knew i was going to do
20	4	furious	terrified	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	when my mom got hit by my car and they were it..
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i watched the the the the the other day. it was so scary.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was happy when my brother got me a few. it was me a of me
20	4	furious	terrified	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last week i had to pick my my car. i was so mad!
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just took his first steps. i am so happy for him.
19	4	confident	terrified	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i swore up for a this morning.. it's not too well.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my co - worker - my bad on the project with me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm so glad i have seasons around in my life with my..
9	4	grateful	terrified	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my family had me a for for me and i felt so!
19	4	confident	terrified	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i went to pick up my girlfriend and i was was was very.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i got a gift from my girlfriend from the store. it was me feel.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i just my wife the best of i have to to to it to be
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so ready for the to to the buffet. we were out of town
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the time i was to my my my my my my my my my was
6	4	angry	terrified	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the rain was so bad. this morning. it makes me so nervous
26	22	anxious	caring	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was happy my brother for my first time. i was not going to
20	22	furious	caring	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	when my dad kept me up all the the and it it made me feel.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw the the the the the other day. i was so frightened.
2	22	proud	caring	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was happy when my brother got me a few. it was it was a nice gesture
20	22	furious	caring	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last week i found out my my was cheating on me. i was so mad!
5	22	joyful	caring	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just took his first steps. i am so happy for him.
19	22	confident	caring	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i swore up some food this morning.. i feel like to it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	i took my co - workers phone charger and brought it home with me.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm so glad i have seasons around in my life.
9	22	grateful	caring	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my son had me a a for me and i felt so
19	22	confident	caring	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i went to pick up my girlfriend and i was was..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i got a gift from my girlfriend from my friend. it was a.
16	22	guilty	caring	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i just my wife the best of i have to to to it to be
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so ready for the weekend to go to the movie with my friends.
13	22	annoyed	caring	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the other day i wa my my my my reservation didnt get a
6	22	angry	caring	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the rain was so bad..... i feel so
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was waiting my first day of college. i just did not know anyone
20	17	furious	surprised	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	when my mom kept hit me at all and it was not me.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw the the the the the other day. i was so frightened.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was upset when my brother was my birthday. he would be a good time at work
20	17	furious	surprised	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last week i found out that my i was in i was so mad.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just took his first steps and i am so sad about it
19	17	confident	surprised	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i bought some food for this morning. it it made me feel.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	i my co - worker - workers phone charger and brought it home with me.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm so glad i have a roof over in my head.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my family made me a large meal for me! i am so happy!
19	17	confident	surprised	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i went to to my with my friend, but i was very.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i got a hair in my my my my girlfriend. i was very.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	my brother just got a new bonus and and i am so for him!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so ready for the weekend to go to with my friends.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the time i went to the my favorite my favorite restaurant was was very!
6	17	angry	surprised	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the rain was so bad..... i feel so
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm very of of my mys are at the same time,, always makes me feel
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i love the the the new pokemon,,, the the the i that i will
8	25	jealous	anticipating	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	there is a man was staring at my girlfriend at the.. it was me.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was very positively surprised to go the by the the of people.. people were there.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so embarrassed i walked in in the middle of a big trip for my boss
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	watching my favorite tv shows is so.... i can't believe it is so.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son said up from a a.... i i him. him.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. i was pretty proud.
6	25	angry	anticipating	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it was me feel to when i see people people in.. i always get me
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i have a a on a new job last week. i have not to to it in the.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the the the the are going to the the country. the world. i to to to to is so
14	25	lonely	anticipating	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i moved out of my city i have been alone for. i have to to my my and my family
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am not looking forward to this weekend. the kids are going on a cruise
20	25	furious	anticipating	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i tried a a new for for my and and it it my me me not to
20	25	furious	anticipating	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was given a of on my my at work. i my my my me.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	there was supposed to be this weekend with the weather. but it was was noting.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just got in case of a a.. it is not to. it is the.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i get sentimental about my family, they are to to me to me i i am not happy
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i have my final exam exam tomorrow. never been so so prepared in my life.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so annoyed when my brother when he came back, he gave me his money.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my cat got ran over by a car and he was't. it. it was a.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my son just graduated from high school. he is in to to his college and i am so happy
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was pretty happy when i had to go my dog.. it was a
28	25	content	anticipating	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my first year of high school, there was a lot of people, but i was not to the the
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i remember in the the choir i ate a lot of people in my.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am a a bit of trepidation about my my. it is not to and i am
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm so glad i'm a a taco bell. taco bell.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i still have the best processor my friend gave me when he came home and i have no one.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm very of of my mys are at the same time, they are me
10	4	prepared	terrified	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i love the the the the the of the, i it is me to see!
8	4	jealous	terrified	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	it was me me on a pizza. i i. it. me..
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was pretty positively surprised by myself at work by myself on a to to to me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so embarrassed i walked into my office in in the of my of my boss
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	watching my favorite tv show is getting older. is so.. i can't believe it.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son said up from a a.... i i him. i miss him.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. i was pretty proud.
6	4	angry	terrified	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it makes me feel so when i i to to someone and they not their their kids
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i have a big of a month ago. i am a to to a new to the the
5	4	joyful	terrified	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the the the the the are going to be the the. to see what the future is on our country.
14	4	lonely	terrified	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i moved away from my city. i have no idea what to do and i have to to my home
19	4	confident	terrified	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am not looking forward to this weekend. my friends are going out of town
20	4	furious	terrified	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i tried a a new for for my and and it it my me not to it
20	4	furious	terrified	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was given a on on my diet and my my my my on my car.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was supposed to go to the the the, but the weather was dark...
9	4	grateful	terrified	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just saved up a new car of the.. it is the the of the the the.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i get sentimental about my family, they are to to me to me and i am so
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i have my final exam exam tomorrow. never been so prepared in my life.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so annoyed when my brother when he came back, he gave me for his.
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my cat got ran over by a car and he was't. it. it was a.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my aardvared on on the rug today. i was quite peeved in my life.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my son got really hard on his project and he won his work on his his work test.
7	4	sad	terrified	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was pretty happy when i had to go my dog friend. it was a
28	4	content	terrified	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my first year of high school, i was in.. i. i i was to to and the the
15	4	ashamed	terrified	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i drank the last i ate all the cookies and i my my my my pants.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am a bit of trepidation about my my.. i am not sure what to
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm so glad i'm a a taco bell. taco bell.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i still have the best processor my friend gave me when he came home and i felt.
3	22	faithful	caring	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm very with of my current,, my people are not to
10	22	prepared	caring	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i love the the the the the the of the, i it is me to not
8	22	jealous	caring	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	there is a man was staring at my girlfriend at the.. it was so..
29	22	impressed	caring	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was pretty positively surprised by myself at work by myself on a my coworkers.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so embarrassed i walked into my office in in the of my car for
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	watching my favorite tv shows is so.. it's so hard to see.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son said his for his words in... i am it is not too.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. i was pretty proud.
6	22	angry	caring	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it makes me feel so when i see to talk to me and i dont have
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i have a a on a new job and i i i i i a a a a..
5	22	joyful	caring	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the the the the the are going to be the the. to see what the future is on the side.
14	22	lonely	caring	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i moved out of my city i i have been neglecting. i have to to to in my life
19	22	confident	caring	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am not looking forward to this weekend. i am going of my of my friends
20	22	furious	caring	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i tried a a new for for my and and it it my me me not to
20	22	furious	caring	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was given a of my for for my at my work. i felt bad.
13	22	annoyed	caring	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was supposed to go to the the the, but the weather was it...
9	22	grateful	caring	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just saved up for a new at work... it's been the same for for the hour.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i get sentimental about my family, i sometimes, i feel a lot to me and i am
10	22	prepared	caring	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i have my final exam exam tomorrow. never been so prepared in my life.
8	22	jealous	caring	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so annoyed when my brother when he came back, he did nothing.
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my mom got out of town and this weekend. it made me feel really good about it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my aardvar pooped on the rug today. i was quite peeved.
2	22	proud	caring	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my son got chosen to a a his work.. i i i he got a
7	22	sad	caring	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was so happy when i found out i had to go my my birthday
28	22	content	caring	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my first year of high school, i was not.... i was to to and i was the the.
15	22	ashamed	caring	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i drank every time i ate the way to the my and my my.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am a a bit of trepidation about my my. i am not to
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm so glad i'm getting a balls in theirco..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i still have the best processor my friend gave me when i i moved for it.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm very of of my coworkers, they are at me for me
10	17	prepared	surprised	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i love the the the the the of the, i, it makes me want to
8	17	jealous	surprised	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	there was a bad on my my.. it was me me to my..
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was very positively surprised to the the by myself on a tv show up to me.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so embarrassed i walked into my office in in the of my car for
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	watching my favorite tv shows is so... i can't believe it is so.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son took his credit card this morning... i feel bad about it.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember my friend was going to be able to pick me up from work. i was pretty proud.
6	17	angry	surprised	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it was me feel when when i see to talk with me and i dont acknowledge me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i had a a a a month ago and i am a of the new i i it.
5	17	joyful	surprised	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the the the the are going to the the country... to to to the the world.
14	17	lonely	surprised	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i moved out of my city i i'm t have to share my with my friends and friends
19	17	confident	surprised	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am not looking forward to this weekend. i am going of my of my friends
20	17	furious	surprised	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i bought a a for coffee for my and and it it my me not to it
20	17	furious	surprised	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was waiting on the for the road of my my. i was a..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was supposed to go to the the the, but the weather was dark...
9	17	grateful	surprised	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just got $ 20k in an extra class. it. i have to the it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i get sentimental about my family, they are not to to me to i do not know
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i have my final exam exam tomorrow. never been so so prepared in my life.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so when my dog tore when my dog died. he was it was
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my cat got ran over by a car and he was't. it. it was a.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was so peeved.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my son got really big big scholarship. he took his his work off and he got a.
7	17	sad	surprised	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was pretty happy when i had to go my my friend. i was wanted
28	17	content	surprised	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my first year of high school, i was in. i. i was to to and and the the
15	17	ashamed	surprised	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i was at the mall i i forgot my my and my pants.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am having a a diet and my new is. i am not to it will be
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm so glad i'm getting a balls in a liveco..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i still have the best processor my friend gave me me when i i was it.
28	25	content	anticipating	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i don't have many friends i i have. my life is so with how much i have, i, and and and the and the countrysiders
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	yesterday was my mom was going to be me. i i't. i was't have to him to i him. i felt so bad.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband and i have been in for for for the past few days. i have been in to the for for a few days. i feel like i'm
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm so scared of how things are so. i i to to the the of people, but it's the the the. and i.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i had to have my my my my my house a few weeks ago. he had a a to i'm going to to to to the
1	25	afraid	anticipating	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	today i i was at the gym the.. i was a. i. i was a and the the the the. the was..
28	4	content	terrified	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i don't have many friends i i have. my life is so with my my life, but they are so and to me to get to the
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	yesterday i was my my my my my. i. i was't have to go. i i was't have to it it.
3	4	faithful	terrified	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband and i have been out of town for a week. i'm been in my with my for for a while now. i feel like i'm thankful for the way to
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm so scared of how things are so. i i to to to it's a, and and you. i'm so to and it's a.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i used to have my my in my house the other day. i had to to my my i i't have to i it to do it
1	4	afraid	terrified	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	today i i was at the gym. i was a.. i.. i was a the the the the the. it was a..
28	22	content	caring	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i don't have many friends, but i have a new, my life. i is so, and i and and and and me me
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	yesterday, i was caught taking my dog. i had to. i was't have to i was so. i was't have to.
3	22	faithful	caring	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband and i have been out of town for a week. i have been in my relationship with my friends and i am so bored and i have no one to talk to.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm so scared of getting home, i used to be so much when i'm in the and my's been a and and and i'm.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i have to take my dog to the house and the to the to the. i'' t have to i'm going to do to them to
1	22	afraid	caring	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	today i i was at a... i was the the the the.. i. i was up in the basement...
28	17	content	surprised	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i don't have many friends, but i have a new, my parents. i have, i, and and i is so and to the the the
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	yesterday i was my my my my my. i was't. i was't have to i was't have to him.
3	17	faithful	surprised	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband and i have been out of town for a week. i'm been in my with my for and and the family. i feel like i'm a to to
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm so scared of how things are so. i i'm scared to how to people and i'm so. i'm in the world.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i used to have my my in my house the other day. i had to to my my. i i'' t have to i it to do.
1	17	afraid	surprised	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	today, i was watching the the.. i was on the. i was a on the the. and the the....
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my girlfriend is coming up next week. i have been on her for. i am so to to her her about it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week i went to to the to the store and i was. i was to to my it.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was pretty sad today when i failed my my, i i i to to my my and my my.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so for a new car. i got a and i got a b and it was a nice of it. i feel so
28	25	content	anticipating	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have a lot of money that i i am having a with my.. i i to to that i will be. to do.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i found a box of of my my my my house and and it all the the the the the the the the!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	one i'm going to be a a in. i i i. i. i i'm a to to it's not.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter was me to the the other day and she came home to me. i me to to it and it made me feel.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so tired of hurricanes. i i i am not for the the of of a few months
20	25	furious	anticipating	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went to to the, but my friend was not to, but i to to me to get.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my girlfriend is coming up next week. i have been on her for. i am so to to her her about it
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week i went to to the to the store and i was. i was a to. it was.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was pretty bad today. i forgot to pay my my and i had to to the my of my.
6	4	angry	terrified	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so mad. i got got a a a and a car.. i was so i but i was't
28	4	content	terrified	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have a great that my my. i am i am not with with my i am i am not to to to to..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i i found a hair in my in my my. i i on the way to my my. i i't get to my my!!
10	4	prepared	terrified	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	one i'm going to be a a in a.. i i'm a bit nervous and i'm to to to
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter was able to visit me and and she the time. i i't to her to she was.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so tired that i will not the the to the gym this year, i have to of my
20	4	furious	terrified	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went to to the but my friend was i to get. i i to to to to to to me.
26	22	anxious	caring	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my wife is on a trip last month. i have been been her her. she's been a lot of
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week i went to to the store to buy a, i i was me. i was me.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was pretty bad today. i took my my my my my and i i to to to me.
6	22	angry	caring	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so for a new job last week. i just got a and and i, but i am not so i am not
28	22	content	caring	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have a great problems that i i i i i with my. i i't have to i it. i am.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i found a box of of my my my and and and it all the the of the the the the it!
10	22	prepared	caring	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	one i'm going to be a a.. i i i up with a new. i i'm't
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter is doing her best to put me through college on her own. she made me think of her.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so tired of hurricanes. i i i i am in to to the of my orientation to my
20	22	furious	caring	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went to to the with my friend, but i didn't get to the it was a to..
26	17	anxious	surprised	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my girlfriend is coming up next week. i have been on her for. i am so to to her her so i am so happy
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week i went to to the to the store and i was. i was was my..
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was pretty bad today. i forgot to pay my my and i i had to my my of my.
6	17	angry	surprised	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so for a new job. i was just got a and and i, but i was not to to it
28	17	content	surprised	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have to have my my my. i i i to to to to. i i'm a to to it's a to.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i found an old box of my in my closet and i all the the in the and and it's not!
10	17	prepared	surprised	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	one i'm going to be a a.. i i i'm a to i'm not to to to to.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter was able to visit me and and she the time. i i't to her she is.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so tired of hurricanes. i i i i am to to to the to of the in the
20	17	furious	surprised	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went to to the but my friend didn't have to.. i was to to to to it was.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my husband had out of town for a week weeks and i i i to to it was i to get it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's always to to be so much, but i have to pay for it's a.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a a a a a a a a a a.. i's a a nice person but i'm
7	25	sad	anticipating	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm sad that i didn't get the promotion i i wanted. i i i i i.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the last year i major parties is be us for the the the.... the is is the is a a and is a a..
2	25	proud	anticipating	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so proud of my life. i live in the. it's the the the for the summer.
19	25	confident	anticipating	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was working a a and and i got a. the gps. it was me feel like.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i cant believe i have the the of the. i i i to to to to
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i am waiting my my results for my birthday.. i was to to the a a a..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was supposed to be my my my my my my my on my.. i'' t have to.
28	25	content	anticipating	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i remember the the last time. it's so much, but i'm not the the.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my husband had out of town for a week for work. i am i to to and i i to to be.
20	4	furious	terrified	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's always to to have a roof over my head. i don't know what to do.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a a a new job a few weeks ago. it's been a lot of people but i'm not
7	4	sad	terrified	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm sad that i didn't get the promotion i i wanted for. i i i i was so.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the last year i major parties is be us toward the the... the is is at the point of the is not to and it is not.
2	4	proud	terrified	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so proud of my daughters's. he's the to the the for the for the years.
19	4	confident	terrified	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was a a and a was the the of the, i was me of the..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i cant believe i have the the of the. i i to to to my my
19	4	confident	terrified	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i am waiting my my results for my birthday.. i was to get a the the the..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am going to ask my best friend on my own boyfriend's birthday. i think she is going to do well.
28	4	content	terrified	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i remember the last time it's hard... but i'm not the the the the the.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my husband had out of town for a week weeks and i i i to for it, i i i was't
20	22	furious	caring	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	there's a new restaurant that's opening up. i'm to to to to it..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a a a new job a few weeks ago but it's been a week and i'm not to
7	22	sad	caring	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm sad that i didn't get the promotion i i wanted. i i i i i i.
27	22	hopeful	caring	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the last year i major parties is be us for the us..... i've been in the for for for a few hours and the the
2	22	proud	caring	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so proud of my daughters's. he's the to the the for the years.
19	22	confident	caring	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was a a and a was a and the.. i was to, but it was was a.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can not believe how much money i have. i i i will be in a my and my
19	22	confident	caring	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i am waiting on my results to my birthday.. i am really scared of how it it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am going to have my on my my my my my.. i's my dream work.
28	22	content	caring	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i live at the gym... i'm not the the, but i have been been for the rest of the.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my husband had out of town for a week weeks and i i i to get it all. i i i'm so happy.
20	17	furious	surprised	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	there's a new restaurant that's opening up. it's always to to me about it.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i am a a new job recently. it is been a a lot and i i'm not to
7	17	sad	surprised	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm sad that i didn't get the promotion i i wanted for. i i i was so.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the last year i major parties is be us toward the the... the is is the only one is at the.. i feel like just in a
2	17	proud	surprised	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so proud of my daughters's. he's the the the for the for the years.
19	17	confident	surprised	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was working a a and and it was. i was to to the the the..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i cant believe i know what is going to the my i i i will be my my the
19	17	confident	surprised	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i am waiting on my results on my birthday. i i i was a to the it. i.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am going to ask my best friend on my own boyfriend's birthday. i feel really bad about it.
28	17	content	surprised	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i live alone work alone.. i'm t to to up in the. i'm so alone.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can not want to go to my my my my friend is on me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was a little upset when i couldnt get to go to work
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i love se in the the the the the frames that i will be
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i was at alone when i i to my my my husband
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my friend is getting chipotle me this year.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really to to go the by myself at work. i was my.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am scared of how things,, i is not to to
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt trusting when my brother when he volunteered to leave my work.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i went to the bowling alley all alone. it was quite depressing.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i felt a little let down over my my dog to the the her
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i just got my grades back and i was happy.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just bought a new house. i have her her her.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have been been to at work lately and my family.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son said his first word today. i was filled with pride.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset when i saw someone had put my my door
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am all of the for for my first time in this afternoon.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my girlfriend is a a.. she is is to be me.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door
12	4	excited	terrified	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i cant wait to go to the movie with my friend.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was a little upset when i couldnt get to leave work on time
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i love se in the the the the frames that i will be
14	4	lonely	terrified	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i was at work when i i to my my my my me.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my friend is getting chipotle me this year.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really to to eat by a bear. my car was my..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am scared of how things,, i is not to to
23	4	trusting	terrified	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt trusting when my brothers when my husband and i were the
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i went to the bowling alley all alone. it was quite depressing.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i felt really bad after a a gift with my friend of mine
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	when i was supposed to be my my my i..
29	4	impressed	terrified	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just had a new and and i have had her for years.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have been been slacking off at work today. it really makes me.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son said his first word today. i was filled with pride.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my door
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am all of the for for my first time in this weekend.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my girlfriend is a a.. she is is to be me.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door
12	22	excited	caring	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can not want to go to my my my daughter.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was a little upset when i couldnt get to go to work
0	22	sentimental	caring	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i love seing the the the in the the frames that i will
14	22	lonely	caring	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i was at work, i i my my my my my me.
12	22	excited	caring	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my friend is getting chipotle me me the burritos.
29	22	impressed	caring	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really to to eat at by my favorite restaurant.. was cancelled.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am scared of how things,, i is not to
23	22	trusting	caring	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt trusting when my brothers when my husband and i were younger
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i went to the bowling alley all alone. it was quite depressing.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i felt really bad after a a gift with my friend of my
15	22	ashamed	caring	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	yesterday, i had my wallet's birthday. i felt so bad.
29	22	impressed	caring	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just bought a new car. i have no one to be.
16	22	guilty	caring	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have been been considerate of my work lately.
2	22	proud	caring	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son said his first word today. i was filled with pride.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset when i had to put my dog home
5	22	joyful	caring	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am ok with my current for this this year.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my girlfriend is a a.. she is is to be me.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door
12	17	excited	surprised	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can not want to go to my my my daughter. i have.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was a little sad when i didnt get to leave work early
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i love se in the the the the frames that i will be
14	17	lonely	surprised	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i was myself for when i i was i to leave my home
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my friend is getting chipotle me this year.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really to to eat by a bear. my my my was..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am in of of midnight,, i have to pay for
23	17	trusting	surprised	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt trusting when my my brother when he volunteered to leave me.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i went to the bowling alley all alone. it was quite depressing.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i felt really good after a a gift with my friend of mine
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	when i got my to my dream birthday. i was so happy.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just bought a new house. i have no one to be.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have been been loyal to the dallas cowboys. i miss so..
2	17	proud	surprised	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son said his first word today. i was filled with pride.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset when i saw someone had put my my door
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am ok with my current for in the time this.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my girlfriend is a new girl. she is's been me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so annoyed by my brother, he borrowed my lucky pencil when he knew i had an important test today and he had to go to the the the.. i i to go.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm taking my to to my my - - - at my job. it's really hard to know how i'm going to.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i recently moved my first house in the of of my friends. it was me of my i was it was my first day ever and my life. i have been ever seen!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week i was so scared. i was scared to go back to i was so. i i i was so scared to i my i was i was i. i was so..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a a in the last month. the past. it's the first time we had been been on the last week we have been the the.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i felt sad when i found out my son was born. it was me of the the of the the the the the the the the the the.. the the the.
12	25	excited	anticipating	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	when i took a test to the to the i i was in. i was i was a a a. i i it was a a.. i felt so.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my mom gave me a advise that i wanted to go.. i'm not to to to to to it's not to that i'm t. i don't know how to do.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just got engaged. i'm so happy that i'' t to to it. i. i'm t to to it.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so annoyed by my brother, he borrowed my lucky pencil when he knew i had an important test today and he had to go to the it. i was i was't.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm going to my my friend for for the first time in a few weeks. i'' t know what i'm going to do.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i recently moved my first home after having to her out of the. i had to it all over the and and i it all over the and and i i i i and i could see them!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week i i was going to get the. i i was i was i. i was i was i. i i was so t. i i i my pants and i i i was i was..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a a date the other day. the the. the the. the the. the the the the the the the the the the. the the.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i felt sad when i found out my son was born. it was me of the the of the the the the the the the the the the the.. the the.
12	4	excited	terrified	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	when i took a test to to to my my i. i was i was a a a a. i it was a a of. i i was to.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my mom gave me a advise that i'to be to to her. it's really hard to i't know what i'' t know what i't know to to do.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just got engaged. i'm so upset that i didn't have to to.. i i't know what to do.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so annoyed by my brother, he borrowed my lucky pencil when he knew i had an important test today and he had to go to the the the.. i i i was to to him.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm going to my my my my for for for my first time to get it. it's a to to i'm so.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i recently moved my son to my house for the first time. it was me to to my my and my it was it all over the and and i i i and i had!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week i was to to the gym. i i so much. i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i was so mad.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a a year of the.. the the the the the the the the. the the the the the the. the the. the the is a..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i felt this when my brother was just the the. he was to to to and for a few. i was he was a and for me the the.
12	22	excited	caring	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last week i i to to my my my my my i was i. i was to to a a a. i was so. i was to to it.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my girlfriend gave me a advise who's that i can't believe it when i was to. i i it's not to that i that i'm t to to.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just got engaged. i am so envious. i'' t have to a long time to get it. i i'm so..
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so annoyed by my brother, he borrowed my lucky pencil when he knew i had an important test today and he had to go to the it. i was i was't.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm taking my to to my my - - - at my job. i'm not sure if i'm going to do it..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i recently moved my my my house after 4 years of saving. i had it for the years since i had been out of town, it was me of it!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week i was so much dairy on the road. i was so scared. i was to to my i and i was to get to my i was so..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a a year of the last month. the is the the to the the the the. the the. the the the the. it was a..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i felt sad when i found out my parents was not. it was the best of the the the the the the the the the the the. and the the..
12	17	excited	surprised	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last week i i to to my my my my i was i was... i was in the of the. i i was i was a was a..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my mom gave me a advise that i'to be to to her.. i'' t know what i'' t know it's going to be i'm t to to.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just got engaged. i'm so happy that i didn't have to to.. i i'm so to to him..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was raped when i had a test to and i i i i my wife and i to be. i felt so alone.
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm pretty with with the amount of work i've been, but i'm to to it.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched the new jurassic movie movie last night. i was so let down by the the. they were the..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i miss when my kids were little. they were to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and i am so so much.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i wanted to go to the my with my friend.. i didn't have to but it was the worst thing.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a a cafe on in my house and i've been in. for a while. it's a.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so sad when i got to the my my my.. i had been been me for for a while.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i once a a a, and and the people i have. i to to to the to and and the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm a bit down about visiting i've never done. i. i've been in my life for for a years.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	in my of of the in front of my friends subjects, i was a to the the to.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister is going to a new.. i have been in her for for the the the. she is the best. i have been her.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was raped when i had to pass my math test. i had to and i i to to it.
28	4	content	terrified	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm pretty with with the amount of work i've been, but i'm to to it.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched the new jurassic movie movie last night. i was so let down by the the the they were it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i miss when my kids were little. they were to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and i am so so much.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i wanted to get my my to the the the.. i didn't have to but it was the to..
24	4	disgusted	terrified	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a new bump in on my house. i have no idea what it's going to be..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so sad when i got to go out of the. i had to go with my friends for a long time.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i just a a that that they were in to the the of the.. i i not to to.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm a bit uneasy about not having work done. i have to pay for my bills and it's the to of the.
1	4	afraid	terrified	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i in the of of my for for for the first time in the week. i am a to to it.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister is going to a new.. i have to her for the the the. but she is a a a me.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was raped. i had to pass my math test. i just had to and i i i to go.
28	22	content	caring	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm getting off fast today, and my family's house. me. it's so nice to see them.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched the new jurassic movie movie last night. i was so let down by the the. they were it..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i miss when my kids were little. they were to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and i am so so much.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i wanted to go to the my my my friend... i didn't have to but it was the worst thing.
24	22	disgusted	caring	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a a bump in on my side of my area. i've never done anything to the to.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so sad when i got to go out of my. i was just a little of to my my my
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i just a a that that they were in to the of of people.. i i to to to.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm not a bit uneasy about i've been toing up. i've been in my life for a long.
1	22	afraid	caring	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i in my of of my for for for the first time in the week. i am a little bit about it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister just had to go to college. she is the best. i had been in to her house and she the the same thing.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was raped that i had a to to a my final exam and i just didn't have to i a a..
28	17	content	surprised	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm pretty with with the way my work on it's always to, but i'm not.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched the ufc fights last night. the gym. i was not to to it it was a..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i miss when my kids were little. they were to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and i am so so much.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i wanted to go to the my my my my.. on the.. i didn't have to go.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a big bump in my area. i have to for a and and it's been a for.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so happy when i found out i was a on the road. my car was to to me to go to the
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i saw a a that they were competing to be a the.. i used to get them and and they are..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm a bit uneasy about not having work done. i don't know how to of it.. i'm.
1	17	afraid	surprised	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i in the of of my for for the first time in the middle of the.. i am not to about it.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister is going to a hospital. i have been in her for for the the.. i think she is going to be
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i got a call about a new to a a and it was really late. i didn't know it it it was it it was a a..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so mad! i am supposed to get my my my my my my my my my and i i't get! i am so!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i really wanted a chanel but but i i to to up on a, but then me on a slot..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i walked in my my neighborhood of the of of in the of my.. i had to the the of my and and. the the of the the the
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just had a new job offer back in late may this year. i wasn't sure if i wanted to try and interview for it it since seemed like just another in a long list of jobs i'd applied to. but in the end i decided that it was better than being unemployed.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when the person who said me and someone and the the the other day and it me to to. i had to to to to to the and to the it to the
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i ordered a lot of my on my my at the store the other day. i was my the the the the the it was the to the the.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was on my first day of school with my daughter's school.. she was't have to cry and she it it all.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to the my my to to visit for a first time in a few days. i had to to to and to get it and it was a to.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i got a call about a new to to a work. it was really hard. but it was really bad. it was it was it was a good..
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so mad! i just get my my my my my my my my sister in law. i can't believe i can't
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i really wanted a new but but i was to to. i got up on a and and and.. but in the and a is not to.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i walked in my my of in the of of of my and my my.. the the of the the the the the the the the of the the
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just had a new job and i was really to. i't have to go. i'm going to be able to do it..
23	4	trusting	terrified	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when the person who said me and someone and the the the other day and it me to to. i had to to to to the and and it it to not be.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i ordered a lot of my my my my my my my my the other day. i it was the the the the the the the the the. it was it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was on my first day of school with my daughter's school.. she was't have to her and she it it all.
12	4	excited	terrified	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to the my my friend to get a for a in the.. i was to to to the to to it was a to to i was to get.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i got a call about a new to to a work. it was really hard. but i didn't get it it it it was it it was a..
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so mad! i just get my my my my my my my my sister in law. i can't believe i can i can him!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i really wanted a chanel class and but i to to to to to to the to. the person behind me and of my..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i walked in my my neighborhood of the holidays and the of the of my my.. i had to the the of and the the the the the
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just had a new job and i was really to. i't have to go. i i'm't know what to do.
23	22	trusting	caring	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when the the person who said me to to me the the the. the store and and to the me to to. the the and and the the.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i ordered a lot of my on my my at the store the other day. i was my the the the the the it was the to the the the.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was on my first day of school with my daughter's school.. she was't have to her and she it it all.
12	22	excited	caring	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to the my my my for for my first. i to to to to to to to to to the to to the to. i was to the the and.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i got a call about a new to to a work. it was really hard but it was really bad. i didn't get it it it it..
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so mad! i just got my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my and i! i am so so upset!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i wanted to get a but but i i got a and, but the is not. and the the of the the the the the the the the
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i walked in my my neighborhood of the holidays and the of the of my my.. i had to the the and and and the the the the the
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just had a new job and i was really to. i't have to go. i'm going to be able to do it.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when the the person who said me and someone to me the other day and it it to the the to to the to the the and to the the.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i ordered a lot of my on my my at the store the other day. i was my the the the the the it was the to the the.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was on my first day of school with my daughter's school.. she was't have to her and she it it all.
12	17	excited	surprised	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to the my my to get my for my first. i to to to to to to to to the to the to the to the to. i the to.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was excited when i was to leave work early
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	somes to wishing i get a promo at work
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog pooped on the rug last night.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i let my new teslasit my lawn.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mom took care of me my whole life.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt this way when i was the world.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am very apprehensive these days.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been feeling really bad headaches
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am glad i survived the weekend.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was scared for the first time last year.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i finished high school i went to the
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm always to be happier with the country.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i always have no one to my with my life
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my friends have been to for the the day.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting my first date. my birthday.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am confident about my current job.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.
7	25	sad	anticipating	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the time i had to to my my dog to sleep
12	4	excited	terrified	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was excited when i got to leave work early
27	4	hopeful	terrified	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	somes to wishing i get a promo at work
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog pooped on the rug last night.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i my my son has my autopilot.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mom took care of me my whole life.
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt this way when i was the the doctors.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am very apprehensive these days.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been feeling really bad headaches
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am glad i survived the weekend.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am so for the first time my my.
14	4	lonely	terrified	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i took the first school i had
26	4	anxious	terrified	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm always to be happier with the country.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day
3	4	faithful	terrified	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i always have my with my my no matter what
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my friends are to go out the the time.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am confident about my current job.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.
7	4	sad	terrified	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the time i had to to my my dog to sleep
12	22	excited	caring	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was excited when i got to leave work early
27	22	hopeful	caring	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	somes to wishing i get a promo at work
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog pooped on the rug last night.
23	22	trusting	caring	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i just my my new neighborsit my lawn.
9	22	grateful	caring	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my cat ignores me of my grandmother all of my.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt this way when i was the last.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am very apprehensive these days.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been feeling really bad headaches
9	22	grateful	caring	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so that i will get the election.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am so for the first time my my.
14	22	lonely	caring	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i finished high school i went to the
26	22	anxious	caring	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm always to to about being around.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day
3	22	faithful	caring	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i always have my with my my parents are mines
13	22	annoyed	caring	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my friends have been to for for the whole day.
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am confident about my job interview for my current job.
1	22	afraid	caring	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.
7	22	sad	caring	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the day i had to to my my dog
12	17	excited	surprised	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was excited when i wast leave work on time
27	17	hopeful	surprised	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	somes to wishing i get a promo at work
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog pooped on the rug last night.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i my my son has my autopilot.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mom took care of me my whole life.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt this way when i was the last.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am very apprehensive these days.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been feeling really bad headaches
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so that i will get the next year.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am so for the first time.
14	17	lonely	surprised	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i finished high school i went to the
26	17	anxious	surprised	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm always to be happier with the country.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day
3	17	faithful	surprised	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i always have my with my my life is now
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my friends have to go out the the time.
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting my first date for my birthday.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am ready for my job interview.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.
7	17	sad	surprised	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the day i had to to my my dog
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	a coworker just bought my brand new car. my car is my favorite, and my my is not to!!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was once proposition like a to go to a.. i was to to to a and i it to me..
2	25	proud	anticipating	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend was in in the middle of the week. i got in a of his. he was a in and of his, and he he he a great.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my dog was running down the other day and i was i to get. i was i to get it to to it, but it was me to!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in in my of my the other day and of my. i had to to my to to me and and i me to to the the.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	a woman just bought my brand new car my my my my my my my car. i i to to!!!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was at a work and and i didn't realize someone else. i kept my on the phone and and it it me.
2	4	proud	terrified	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend was at a hospital last week and his car. he took the of the the the of the the. of the, and he did not win.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my dog was running on the other day and i was not to to to. i was so to see him and i was to to him in the car.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in in my my the other day and my of my i had on my.. i was to to my i to to me.
8	22	jealous	caring	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	a woman with my my my my friend for a a. and i got to to my my, and he is not to to
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was at a party and i didn't have any money. it was a to to me. i was so.
2	22	proud	caring	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend was at a hospital last week and his car. he took the the the of the the. he did not know to to the the the
27	22	hopeful	caring	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my dog was running away from home. i was was i was i was i was to to him to get it to the..
16	22	guilty	caring	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in in my of my the other day and of a car. i had to my my. i and i it to me me.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	a woman just bought my brand new car my my my my my is is not my, and i my my!!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was once proposition like a a. i had to to to out and then someone else.. i i it to me.
2	17	proud	surprised	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend was in for the last month for her test and the the the the the. i i he was going to he did not win
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my dog was home from the other day. i was not to to to get. i was so to i i to to and i was to get it!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in in my my the other day and my of my i was in. i i to to my my and. i me.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my friends were a a for for me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i do not want to go to school on my..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so glad i didnt get the weekend off
6	25	angry	anticipating	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i found my keys and got into a fight in
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't i get so much more in
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember when i was president. the was so.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i saw this guy eat a 3 footco.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy my sister just got a a new
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my dog just died, i had to for 10 years
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i always feel like when i see about the old days.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i got an award for the of of work.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my boss bought me a gift for my birthday.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at work
29	4	impressed	terrified	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my friends bought me a a cake for my birthday.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i do not want to go to school on my..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so happy that i found out that this summer
6	4	angry	terrified	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i found my keys and got into a fight in
8	4	jealous	terrified	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't i get what i is is?
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember when i was president. it was like flies.
29	4	impressed	terrified	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i saw a guy eat 3k on the..
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy my sister just got a a new job
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door
31	4	devastated	terrified	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my dog just died, i had him for 10 years
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i always feel like when i see about the old.
2	4	proud	terrified	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i had an entire test in the the of the month.
12	4	excited	terrified	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my boss bought me a gift for my birthday.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at work
29	22	impressed	caring	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my friends bought a dinner tonight. i ate a whole.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i do not want to go to school on my..
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so happy that i found out trump.
6	22	angry	caring	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i found my keys and got into a fight in
8	22	jealous	caring	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't i get what i is is?
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember when i was president. it was like flies.
29	22	impressed	caring	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i saw this guy eat 3 bowls of my phco.
5	22	joyful	caring	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy my sister got a a new job!
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door
31	22	devastated	caring	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my dog just died and i had to for 10 years
0	22	sentimental	caring	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i always feel like when i see about old weight.
2	22	proud	caring	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i got an award for an employee of the work.
12	22	excited	caring	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my mom bought me a gift for my birthday.
21	22	disappointed	caring	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at work
29	17	impressed	surprised	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my friends bought me a a cake for my birthday.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i do not want to go to my my..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so happy that i found out the trump
6	17	angry	surprised	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i lost my wallet and had to take care of them
8	17	jealous	surprised	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't i get what i you?
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember when i was president. it was so cool.
29	17	impressed	surprised	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i saw this guy eat 3 bowls of largeco.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy my brother got a a new!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door
31	17	devastated	surprised	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my dog just died, i had him for 10 years
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i always feel like when i see about old weight.
2	17	proud	surprised	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i got an award for an employee of the work.
12	17	excited	surprised	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my boss bought me a diamond gift for my birthday.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at work
28	25	content	anticipating	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i woke up in the morning. i was a and i was
2	25	proud	anticipating	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	so i was impressive when the cavs for the lakers
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i am really happy that my next week..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i saw my friend who to help my my dog.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the first time i got on a a i was very
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was irked when i saw my girlfriend in the the house.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	it made a good that is always beening.. i just a
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was scared when when when i had to leave my home alone
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a hair in my soup at a restaurant.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so glad i can't win the weekend.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i just found i was was not. it was so.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's always good to be prepared for a big trip.
28	4	content	terrified	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i woke up this morning. my.. i feel like i was
2	4	proud	terrified	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	so i felt like when lebron signed the cavs for the lakers
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i can't believe my ex was last week.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i saw my friend who come through my house.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the first time i went on a date was very awkward.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was irked when i saw my dog to the the the
14	4	lonely	terrified	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	it made a bad that i have been.. i makes me feel.
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt confident when i ace my my job interview for my current
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was scared when when when i had to leave my dog home
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a hair in my soup at the mall.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so i can't get the of my..
31	4	devastated	terrified	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i just found that i was was.. i was so upset.
10	4	prepared	terrified	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's always i i to go to to my my..
28	22	content	caring	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i woke up this morning. my. i was was a
2	22	proud	caring	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	so i felt like when lebron signed the cavs for the lakers
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i felt really when i found out my husband passed away.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i saw my friend who come back my house..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the first time i got on a girlfriend i felt very bad
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was irked when i saw my dog to the the the
14	22	lonely	caring	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	there is a a restaurant that is so.. its no way.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt confident when i ace my my job interview for my current
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was scared when when when i saw my car had to go home
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a hair in my soup at the mall.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so i can't get the of my favorite.
31	22	devastated	caring	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i just found that i was adopted. i was so upset.
10	22	prepared	caring	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's always to to be prepared before i have a test.
28	17	content	surprised	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i woke up this morning. my.. i feel like it was
2	17	proud	surprised	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	so happy when i see the cavs in the the
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i can i was get my my my last semester.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i saw my friend who to help my my dog.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the other day i got a a a from a it was very
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was irked when i saw my girlfriend in the house for the.
14	17	lonely	surprised	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	it made a very good lately. i have no one to share.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was scared when when when i had to leave my dog home
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a hair in my soup while eating at work.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so glad i can't win the weekend.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i just found out i was was. i was so bad.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's always i i to be so i for my.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	i went to abee's for the weekend. it was a to the it was. it was a. i it was it was a to and it was.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i lost my first painting last month. i have been in for my years for a few years. my sister was in the of of the. i i't know what i it's going to be
28	25	content	anticipating	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	i recently moved to a new city for my and and i've been to to the to. i'm been, but i'm not to to to with the
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a big of coming up. i have never been, i i'm not to to't have to i am i am't have to..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	i went to abee's for the weekend. it was a to.. i was so. i was to to it was a and it it was me..
2	4	proud	terrified	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i lost my first painting last month. i have been in my my for for for the years. my sister was a the of of the. i i't know what i it, and i, and it!
28	4	content	terrified	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	i recently moved to a new city for my and and i've been out of the house, have to be for for the first. i'm not to be able to get it my own.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a lot of money from work. i have never been, i i'm not to to to to i am't have to i am..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	i went to abee's for the weekend. it was a to.. i was so. i was a to and it was a to and it it was.
2	22	proud	caring	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i lost my first painting last month. i have been in for my years to get to my house. i had been a for for for a couple weeks to get it! i've been a! i'm so happy!
28	22	content	caring	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	i recently moved into a new city for my and and i are already been. i. i're so to and i and and i and to get it to the.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a big of coming up, i have been trying to do my. i i'm not to'm not to to to to..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	i went to abee's for the weekend. it was a to. i was so. i was to to it was a and to it it all over.
2	17	proud	surprised	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i lost my first painting last month. i had been in my my for for a years. my my was was in the of of my. i i't know what to do with my for my first and i my my!
28	17	content	surprised	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	i recently moved into a new city for my and and i've been to to my.. i've been to to my for and and the the.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a big of coming up, i have been trying to get a. i i'm not to'm not to to to to.. i don't have any money.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i did not get to go on a trip with a. i i was to to with a
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my coworker got a big presentation at work. i am so scared. i it.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i have to go to a in a few weeks for the first time. i have been able to be there for me.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i trusted my brother to help me when he came home. he gave me he he would me
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my daughter got a a chorus place with her.. she was it was me and and it it me me back
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i had to go to a conference but but i didn't know what i was.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	after taking my home to work the other day, my my is me me to the the the the.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my mom had a huge with me and and she has to me and i am so happy she is.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a big test today. i am so nervous. i don't feel very good about it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i heard a buzzing at the other day. i'm so happy for my i had to take in the
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom left the house for the the other day. my brother was it was me of my.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just saw my neighbors run over the entire house. they are. to be..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	my wife left for the for the last last week... i am so bored and all the her
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i miss my ex. i'' t believe he would be so much more.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am so my my my son is in a. i'm going to to the the to
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm always to be so alone but i have a roof over my head and the
28	25	content	anticipating	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am happy with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, a good job, and a good group of friends
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the rain today made me feel a.. i'' t wait to go.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved. i had to go.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i found my my house was was.... we were to to and and and and the the.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had to take my my son to a a.. i was so happy to have him.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am always looking forward to this,, but my family is always to me and not me.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i went on a job interview last week. i really good. i i i to get it.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my best friend to go out of town for me. i'' t think she'd agree.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i just won a contest. my my.. it's been a good and i'm so happy.
20	4	furious	terrified	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i did not to to a in class at a class.. i got my my my me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my coworker got this big presentation at work. i was so. i was so to go.
12	4	excited	terrified	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i had to go a a in in the of my.. my friends. i was to to to be ready for
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i trusted my brother to help me when he came home. he gave me he he would me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my neighbor got a on a project.. it is so hard to to me to play with it is so much
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i had to go to a conference but but i didn't know what i was.
29	4	impressed	terrified	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	after taking my home to work the house, my brother got to a new house and of my.
2	4	proud	terrified	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my mom had a huge nice with me and and she is. i'm not to to it.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a big test today. i am so nervous. i don't feel very good about it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i just had a the the the other day. it was so relaxing reading a book under a tree!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom took my car for the the other day. when i came home, my house was broken.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just saw my neighbors play the on their kids.. it is disturbing me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	my wife left for the for the the last last week.. i am so bored and i all the her
26	4	anxious	terrified	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i miss my ex. i'm t believe he has a gambling to..
2	4	proud	terrified	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am proud of my girlfriend for graduating college in a.. i's been a for years!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm always to be so much and i have been on my own and it makes me feel
28	4	content	terrified	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am happy with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, a good job, and a good group of friends
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the weather today is out. i'm not to to i.. i'm not.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved. i had to go.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i found my my when i was younger and it were the of of each other. we were such a good time together.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had to take my my license to get to a. i was so happy to have it.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am appreciative of my family, they are so nice to me and get
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i went on a job interview last week. i felt like i went well. i got the job.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my best friend to go out of town for me. i am't believe it's been to.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i i was a a. i was in a a..... i've never been so i'm so scared.
20	22	furious	caring	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i did not get the to to in the park. i got all of and i got it.
29	22	impressed	caring	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my coworker in a big presentation. i was so scared. i was not to it.
12	22	excited	caring	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i have to go to a in a few weeks for the first time. i have been able to be my
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i trusted my brother to help me when he was my. he didnt have me.
24	22	disgusted	caring	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my neighbor came home to a a.....'s so to and he keeps me up around the
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i had to go to a conference but but i didn't know what i was.
29	22	impressed	caring	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	after taking my home from work to find out my sister was in the the house, i had to to.
2	22	proud	caring	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my girlfriend had me with a with me and and it was me to i i'm not happy.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a big test today. i am so nervous. i don't feel very good about it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i just had a the the the other day. it was so relaxing. i am so t get it!
9	22	grateful	caring	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom took my dog for the the other day. when i was her, it was my favorite.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just saw my neighbors play the on their kids.. it is disturbing me.
26	22	anxious	caring	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	my wife left for the for the last last week... i am so am so bored and i miss him
26	22	anxious	caring	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i miss my my.. i'm so upset but i can't stand him.
2	22	proud	caring	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am proud of my girlfriend for graduating college school. it is s a good, but i to be!
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm always to be so much but i i have a lot of people and. it makes me so
28	22	content	caring	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am happy with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, a good job, and a good group of friends
30	22	apprehensive	caring	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the rain today made me feel a.. i'' t know what to do.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved. i had to go.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i found my my, and was younger.. we were to play the with and and the games and.
10	22	prepared	caring	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had to take my my license to take a back to. i i am so happy about it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am feeling this way because having to to my son. i have always been more careful with me
27	22	hopeful	caring	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i went on vacation last week. i i i i i i i i i i.
29	22	impressed	caring	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my best friend to help me with the.. i i't know what i '.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i recently lost my job. i've been neglecting and i't have to for a long time.
20	17	furious	surprised	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i did not to to buy a car for the.. i got it and the the the.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my coworker got a big presentation at work. i am so envious of him.
12	17	excited	surprised	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i had to go a a in in the for for my first.. i have been my my to be there for me.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i trusted my brother to help me when he came home. he gave me he he would me.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my neighbor was on a project with me and. he was to to up to it and it it is me me
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i had to go to a conference but but i didn't know what i was.
29	17	impressed	surprised	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	after taking my home to work my house, my sister got to a new house and of my.
2	17	proud	surprised	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my mom had a huge nice and and and she me. i can't afford to..
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a big test tomorrow. i am so nervous. i don't feel very good about it.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i just went on a book last week. i was so happy i i i i i was a!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom took my dog for the the other day. when i was her, it was my favorite.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my daughter's on the side of the on the way to to it.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	my wife left for the for the last last week... i am so am so bored and all the all
26	17	anxious	surprised	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i miss my ex. i can't believe it. he is just so for me.
2	17	proud	surprised	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am proud of my girlfriend for graduating college school. it is s so hard to be, but i '!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm not to be able to but i'm always with my family my family
28	17	content	surprised	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am happy with my life right now, i have a good job and a good job and a good group of friends
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the rain today made me feel a.. i'm't know what to do.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved. i had to go.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i recently my my, was was younger. we were to play with and and and the and..
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had to take my my license to get to. i was so happy to have it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am feeling this way because having to to my son. i have always been more than me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i went on vacation last week and i i i had i had so prepared for it.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my best friend to go out of town for me. i am't believe it will be alone.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i think i was finally realizes my favorite show on on... it's so nice and i can it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel so blessed. i have to to to a... i a lot of people that is me to me and and to..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was to to to my my house to go out with me. it was me to to i to to it was i to to it was a. but it was just a and.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a party that my best friend was throwing for a mutual friend of ours. she was me me and i was she was me and she me and me and and it it me me.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at the store and i saw a a man of people.. they were to to to and and and and the the the. the.. i was..
7	25	sad	anticipating	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i have a lot of people ins. i have always been, but i're getting to. the the. i'm not to and to get it..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was watching a game recently and i was amazed at the of the the the. the the. the world cup. and the the the and the the and the the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my kids are in school in in a of of.. i'''t know what it will be it's not to to about how it will be.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel so blessed. i have to confront my parents to to get to.. i have to for a and and it is so me to..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was to to to my my house to go out with my.. it was me to to because i had a baby. i i it was s been a..
31	4	devastated	terrified	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a party that my best friend was throwing for a mutual friend of ours. she was me me and and i me. she was me and and i me me. it was me feel bad.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at the store and i saw a a man of people that i to to..... the the and and there were the people in there.
7	4	sad	terrified	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i hate this girl in on a and they's not to. the the.... but i't t understand the it's not too contagious...
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was at a show last weekend and saw a guy who an entire song on his.. it was was the to, and, and the the the. it was..
7	4	sad	terrified	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my kids are in school in in of of.. i'm not to at all. i's a to feel about about it. i feel like.
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel so blessed. i have to confront my parents to to get to a new.. i have to for them and i it...
13	22	annoyed	caring	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was to to my my my the other day. it it was me of my i. i was to to it it on it. it was't my me. i it.
31	22	devastated	caring	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a party that my best friend was throwing for a mutual friend of ours. she was me me and and i me. she was me me and and i it and it it me me.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at a store and and there was a giant bang in the. the. i i was to to the the and and i it. i was..
7	22	sad	caring	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i hate being in in a rural room. they are to the the of and they're so much.'t even get to. the house.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was at a show last weekend and saw a guy of song on the side of the side. i was to and i and and it it and it it's a.
7	22	sad	caring	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my kids are in high school this year. i'' t know how to cope with their.. i'm so to to it all.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel so blessed. i have to confront my parents to to get to a.. i have to for a and and it is me to to.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was to to to my my my the house, i was to to my friend. i was to to it was so. i it it's a to to.
31	17	devastated	surprised	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a party that my best friend was throwing for a mutual friend of ours. she was me me and i was she was me and she me and me and i it. it was me me.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at the store and i saw a guy of people.. i was to to to and and and. i had to to and and the the and. it was me.
7	17	sad	surprised	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i hate in in people who used to be a lot of people.. it's not to to to to to to the to the..
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was at a show last weekend and saw some guy carrying an entire song on his.. it was was, and i had to and it it all..
7	17	sad	surprised	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my kids are in high school this year. i'' t know how to cope with their childish... i'm so to to it's not.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i felt all alone yesterday	i felt all alone yesterday
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i fell bad about myself	i fell bad about myself
14	4	lonely	terrified	i felt all alone yesterday	i felt all alone yesterday
16	4	guilty	terrified	i fell bad about myself	i fell bad about myself
14	22	lonely	caring	i felt all alone yesterday	i felt all alone yesterday
16	22	guilty	caring	i fell bad about myself	i fell bad about myself
14	17	lonely	surprised	i felt all alone yesterday	i felt all alone yesterday
16	17	guilty	surprised	i fell bad about myself	i fell bad about myself
23	25	trusting	anticipating	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my husband's mom cheated on me with she she. she said she. i feel't have to.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend of my friends out of town for the first time in the week. i am not sure that i will do it all.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is so hopeless picture to imagine. so much for the to the's political discourse
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was taking a trip for my car at work. my car was my my my and. i had to to my in my pants
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was dating a job but but i i't know what to expect with the, but the the the the the the of the the.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	in the first time, i was my my my my i was i was i was i was i was i was a a..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i am a of of money from my.. i am a of of my coworkers were not. i am..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my husband and i are in a a.. we are out to is a a to and is a a to.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so mad when i i told my i i't. my ex's on her...
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just got a a a a for a my.. i have been been for my i have a all of the. i i have been in a for a.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out that my friend had been in my for a first time. i was i to get it!
23	4	trusting	terrified	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my husband's mom cheated on her girlfriend. she she said she. i i to to her to her.
7	4	sad	terrified	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend of my friends out of town for the whole day of college. i am not happy that i i't have to
21	4	disappointed	terrified	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way the major parties are behaving toward each other is so hopeless picture to imagine. so much for the to's political discourse
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was a little scared for the a a the other day. my car was in my my.. i me up in my car
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was raped. i got a new job and and, but my friend got me a to the the of the.. i i to be.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	in the first time, i was my my my my i was i was i was i was i was i was a a..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i put a lot of money for my my.. i i my to to my it is not to to.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my husband and i are going to couples of. we have been wanting to see the house in and for our house.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i felt so bad when i found out i didn't pay my my my ex. she. it's so a..
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just got a a a for a my house. i have been been for my i have a all of the. i i i'm a to.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out that my friend had been able to go on her own. i had to to him, but i'm
23	22	trusting	caring	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my girlfriend was supposed to be up with my boyfriend for her mom. she's so she's about to her.
7	22	sad	caring	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend of my friends out of town for the first time in the week. i am not sure that i will do it all.
21	22	disappointed	caring	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way the major parties are behaving toward each other is so hopeless picture to imagine. so much for the to's political discourse
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was on a flight earlier in the week. i got on my my with my boss and me to the the the in front of my
9	22	grateful	caring	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was raped. i got a new job and and. i to to be, but my professors got me the best. i the to.
15	22	ashamed	caring	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	in the first time, i was my my my my i was i was i was i was i was i was i was so..
13	22	annoyed	caring	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i am a form from money from my.. i am in of the. i i i it is not to.
26	22	anxious	caring	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my husband and i are going a new house. we are out of house is coming and and the to the the of the is the.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i felt so bad when i found out that my friend's on my.. she was me me up and it.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just got a a a a for a my.. i am so i i my my. i. i am so for my family and i have a good to.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out my friend had been able to go on vacation. i just didn it t have to me!
23	17	trusting	surprised	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my husband was't invite me on a date with her boyfriend. she is i have been talking about her.
7	17	sad	surprised	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend of my friends out of town for the first time in the week. i am not sure that i will do it all.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way the major parties are behaving toward each other is so hopeless picture to imagine. so much for the to's political discourse
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was on a flight earlier in the week. i my my my me me to me and my my in the back of my
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was dating a job but but i i't know what to expect with the, but the the is the to me.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	in the, when i was my my my my i was i was. i was i was i was i was i was a to..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i am a on of money from my.. i am not to but i am not to to to to..
26	17	anxious	surprised	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my husband and i are going a new house. we are all out to the house and and and we are in to the the of our house.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i felt so bad when i found out that my friend's car. my wife she's on me..
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just got a a a a for a my.. i have been been for my i have a all of the. i i i'm a good.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out my friend had been able to go on the road. i had to to me, i was't
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my my back
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	came home to find my leftovers gone	to to to visit my house home
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am going to kill the new.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i used to play football in high school	i used to go to the my my my my first time
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was lebron james.	i wish i was tallwayne johnson.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i broke my laptop screen.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son just started walking this week.	my son just started walking this week.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	im up with with my old
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my mother passed away.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like person who are honestly with me	i always like people are honestly around me
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat vomited on my rug today	my cat vomited on my rug today
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am scared the democrats the the election.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	looking through my old yearbook the other day	i through my old of my yearbook the other day
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so i survived the weekend.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust president trump all the way.	i love the trump trump.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got caught cheating on a math
14	4	lonely	terrified	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my my my my!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	came home to find my leftovers gone	went to to my my my my my
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am going to kill taylor swift.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i used to play football in high school	i used to go to in my my in the the
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was lebron james.	i wish i was tallwayne johnson.
6	4	angry	terrified	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i broke my laptop screen.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son just started walking this week.	my son just started walking this week.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	im up flowers for my grandmothers funeral
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my mother passed away. i felt so bad.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like person who are honestly with me	i always like people are honestly around me
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat vomited on my rug today	my cat vomited on my rug today
12	4	excited	terrified	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am excited the the baseball game.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	looking through my old yearbook the other day	i through my of my old my my the other day
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so i survived the weekend.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust president trump all the way.	i love the trump will win reelection.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got caught cheating on a math test
14	22	lonely	caring	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my my my my
21	22	disappointed	caring	came home to find my leftovers gone	to to visit my house for my home
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am going to kill taylor swift.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i used to play football in high school	i used to sit in my first the the the
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was lebron james.	i wish i was tallwayne johnson.
6	22	angry	caring	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i broke my laptop screen.
2	22	proud	caring	my son just started walking this week.	my son just started walking this week.
0	22	sentimental	caring	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i paid off off my my grandmothers
31	22	devastated	caring	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my mother passed away.
23	22	trusting	caring	i like person who are honestly with me	i always like people are honestly with me
6	22	angry	caring	my cat vomited on my rug today	my cat vomited on my rug today
12	22	excited	caring	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am excited the baseball game in the world.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	looking through my old yearbook the other day	i through my of my old my my neighborhood
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so happy i i the weekend.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust president trump all the way.	i love the trump trump.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got caught cheating on a math test
14	17	lonely	surprised	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my my my my
21	17	disappointed	surprised	came home to find my leftovers gone	went to my my house yesterday my my
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am going to kill taylor swift.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i used to play football in high school	i used to go in my my first in the
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was lebron james.	i wish i was tallwayne johnson.
6	17	angry	surprised	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i broke my laptop screen.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son just started walking this week.	my son just started walking this week.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	im up flowers with my grandmothers funeral
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my grandmother passed away i felt so alone.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like person who are honestly with me	i always like people and are honestly around
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat vomited on my rug today	my cat vomited on my rug today
12	17	excited	surprised	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	looking through my old yearbook the other day	i walked through my old neighborhood the other day
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so i survived the weekend.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust president trump all the way.	i love the trump trump.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got caught cheating on a math test
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend at her mom's house. while she was sleeping the ended up having sex with her mom.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my wife and i divorced and i can just t believe how much time i was.. i i'm so
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my best friend passed away last year. she was me of her. she was me so she and she me me.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	when i was younger, i was to to to the up with the. it was me of the.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	this girl of the people are in the the.. i'' t get to the the the the
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i don't have my car anymore. i am so. i i'm doomed to do.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was talking to a coworker, but i was not to to i was to go.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am going on some ofss from the gym.. i i i with them.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my daughter was born i didnt get to go, i i to to to to to.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i see a new on a new i. i. i feel like i. i have a effects.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have to put a money on my my. i am i to do it. i am..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i forgot to my my towel and i to to in in the of of the of
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was looking through my old and my mom got me a of my it was me. i felt so.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend at her mom's house. while she was sleeping the other.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my wife and roommate just divorced, she is so. i can't stand how to she is!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my best friend passed away last year. she was me of her. she was me and she me and me.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	when i was younger, i was to to to the.. it was the the of the the.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	this of the people are in the the world. i'' t know what to happen in the world
16	4	guilty	terrified	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i don't have my ex my ex's.. i feel really bad about it.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was going to a with with my friend, but i had to and i i was not.
28	4	content	terrified	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am having some financial problems in my kitchen.. i have to pay it back.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my son was born, i wast believe i was i to to. i was to to him.
8	4	jealous	terrified	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i see a small song on my way on the way. i i it i feel like a and and i
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have to put a a on on my spouse. i am i to do it. i am..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i forgot to my my towel and i to to in the of of the of the
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was looking through my old and my car was in. my car. i was it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend at her mom's house. while she was sleeping the other.
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my roommate and my wife and i are.. i can't believe how much he is!
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my dad passed away last year. he passed her. she was me so i am so happy she is her.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember when i was younger and they were to go to the the.. it was a.
24	22	disgusted	caring	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	this girl of the people are in the the.. i'' t know what to do the the.
16	22	guilty	caring	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i don't think my ex my girlfriend's birthday. i feel so i feel very bad about it.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was given a with from my friend and i told me not to. i wanted to.
28	22	content	caring	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am going on some ofss for for my.. i am satisfied with it..
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my son was born, i was not sure to. i to to him to him.
8	22	jealous	caring	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i see a new on on tv, i feel like i. i have to on a way to it it is me
10	22	prepared	caring	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have to put a money on my my. i i am i to do it..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i forgot to my my towel and and my my in my my on my car my car
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was looking through my old and my car was in. i was i was it.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was driving a school and my and a a few. a few of the...
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my wife and i divorced and i can't my favorite.. i's so to to see!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my dad passed away last year. he passed away a few years ago. it's still me of my.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember when i was going to make me.. it we had to to and the.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	this of the people are in the the of i feel like my mys. i's the to.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i don't have my car anymore. i am so. i i'm doomed to do.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was going to a with with my friend, but i got to and i i was.
28	17	content	surprised	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am going on some ofs from the kids.. i i i to to it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my son was born, i wast believe i was i to to him. i was him to him.
8	17	jealous	surprised	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i see a new on a new i. i. i. i feel like i and i have to be for a
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have to put a money on my my. i i am i to do it..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i forgot to my my towel and i to to in in the of of the of
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was driving through my waters and my car stalled out. i was i was was so..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i wanted to go to acamp. i am not sure if i. i i, but i didn't get to i it.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i wanted to get a new but i i am not sure i i didn't get to i it. i i i't. i feel so bad.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i wanted to get a new but i i didn't know. i don't know what i it. i i to to it.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i wanted to get a new but i i am not sure i i didn't get to i it. i i feel like i'm t.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have been to to for a and we had a a a and we we had a really good time and we we have to spend the time we were. we really wanted to we're going to and we were the.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have been to to for a and we had a a of time and we we have to spend the time we were. we had to wait for the first time to get a to.
10	22	prepared	caring	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have been to to for a and we had a a a and we we had a really good time and we we have to spend the time we were. we really wanted to we're going to a long time.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have been really good, but we have to spend a week for the past a couple of days, and it was a to be.. i'm not to remain optimistic that this was the right thing and everything will work out.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	it was a birthday when i was my to get a my my my my i was i. i was to to him to i was to get it i was to to it was
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my best friend and i are going to couples counseling. i am so bored and we have no one to talk to and we just didn't have to to...
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm so glad to have the house i had my my my my my my my my my my my my and my and my my and and me me me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	it was my birthday but i was going to get my my my my my my.. i was to to to i was to go to a date and i was to to him.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband and i are going to couples counseling. i am really positive that we can fix things and be happy. i don't have to go..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm so glad to have the house when i i my my my my my my my, my husband and i's a to of it! i'' t have to to them to
21	22	disappointed	caring	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	it was my birthday and i was to get a my my my my my was. i was to to to my to to get to to it was i had to go up in my car to get it!
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my best friend and i are going to couples counseling. i am so bored and we have no one to spend time with and and i i't to go.
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm so glad i have to to my my my my my my me to me when i came home, my house and my husband and i and i and i have to go to the
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	it was my birthday and i was to get a new my brother. i was to to get. i was so to i him so i i i was to get it and it was
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband and i are going to couples counseling. i am really positive that we can fix things and be happy. i don't have to go..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm so glad to have my family when i came home from my house and my house left for a and and and my my my my me me to my my and it was me so much!
6	25	angry	anticipating	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	someone in my house - - - my my - at the the other day. it it is me to to to and the the the.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my friend and i had a huge trip last weekend. i had to i i i i i i was i and i i i was't have to
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i took my co - workers phone charger and brought it home with me. i am planning on keeping it
28	25	content	anticipating	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	a few years ago when i got my my my and me. it was me me to to me.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i got locked out of my house last night. i felt so bad because i knew i was going to do
20	25	furious	anticipating	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	one time in school my my was was in a a...... i was't it was it it it was..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	when i was younger, i used to be in the people that i used to be in the and and, and. i could see how much more
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	after a long,,,,, i had't seen in in a of the. the had a had to to the.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i walked in on the street the other day and of the people. me. i was to to it was me to to
6	4	angry	terrified	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	someone at the house - - - my my my my house. it my all over the and and it's not to..
31	4	devastated	terrified	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my friend and i had a huge party last weekend. i had to for it and i i i i i i i i i for it
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i took my co - workers phone charger and brought it home with me. i am planning on keeping it
28	4	content	terrified	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	on my first day i was having a party with my friend. i to to to to me to be.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i got locked out of my car last week. i felt so bad when i knew i i was not to to
20	4	furious	terrified	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	one time in my class was a a. i i. i was't. it. it was so. i was it was it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	when i was younger, i used to be in the people that i me to to.. i i i to to to in the and and
14	4	lonely	terrified	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i came home from work, i i i to to my my. i to get to. i i to to to to the..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i went to eat at the the other day. i was so. i i to to in the front of me.
6	22	angry	caring	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	someone in my house - - - my my - my the other day. it it is me to and my and the the..
31	22	devastated	caring	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my friend and i had a huge party last weekend. i felt like i was going to do that, i i't to him
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i took my co - workers phone charger and brought it home with me. i am planning on keeping it
28	22	content	caring	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	on my first day, i was to to my a.. i was to to with a coworker.
16	22	guilty	caring	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i got into on my my last week. i was i i was i i i i was not to, i i so upset
20	22	furious	caring	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	one time in my school my apartment was a a..... i was it. it was it's so. i i it..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i remember when i was younger, they would be to to see the the the. and. i just to to and and and and the and the the.
14	22	lonely	caring	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i bought some of my friends i was to to my my my. i to to to to to to to the to. i to the
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i went to eat at the the other day, and i was me... i was so to, i i was in
6	17	angry	surprised	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	someone in my house - - - my my - my the other day. it it is me to and my and it it...
31	17	devastated	surprised	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my friend and i had a huge argument last week. i had to for him, i i was not to, i i i to to
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i took my co - workers phone charger and brought it home with me. i am planning on keeping it
28	17	content	surprised	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	a few years ago, my friend was me a for a.. i was to to to me to to.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i got into on my first the other day. i was so upset because i couldn't believe it was a
20	17	furious	surprised	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	one time in my class class i was't have. i was... i was so t have to it it.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i remember when i was younger and they used to be to be with people. but they are so and i and i and the you get the you
14	17	lonely	surprised	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i met up with this girl and tinder and i was to to to the the.. i had to to and and i it.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i went todiving the the other day, and it was me of. i i was so to and i i i was so
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently moved to my new city. i was to to and and i was to to the to the to the to. the.. i was to the the and was able to.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently started dating my job and was having to be for.... i was to, but i was the to and it was i was to. i was was able to get it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently moved to my new city. i was told that i would be able to get my the the.. i was to to the the. i was to..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently went out and for my job. i was i to be with me. i was to the the the the. i was to the the i was the.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am waiting for my job interview. i i didn't know if i would get the. i i to the the the the i was i. i was i could do it.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	when i see a teenager my i i i my 3d is. i i i have to to the the to. my life is in the and..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my mom took her mom left me i was i was i was i was i was a to to. i to get to to it was a to.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was watching my high school, i was i was really well. i was my first day at the end of the week, so i was i i i i was so..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i didn't get well for the last year. i was so much and i and i and so much and i and i and it it's not to.
19	4	confident	terrified	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am waiting for the results. i am i that i would get the. i i i i i i i that i would not get the job. i i am not sure i i't.
8	4	jealous	terrified	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	everytime i see my my my i i get emotional. my fiance is to get my.. i have to get, but i have to to the...
9	4	grateful	terrified	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my mom left me for my job i was wanted to get. i was't have to i was't have to i it was a.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was watching my last week and i was i was i. i was to get. my final exam and had to get the the the. i was i was i was i was i was.. the the..
16	4	guilty	terrified	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i didn't get well for the last year. i i was so much and i and i and it, so i didn't get to it it all.
19	22	confident	caring	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am waiting for my job interview. i i didn't know if i would get the. i i i i i i i i i i i i i'm to to to it.
8	22	jealous	caring	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	when i see a teenager my i i i know my parents will be on my own and my my and and...........
9	22	grateful	caring	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my mom took my mom to me when i was i was '. i was't have to i it was a to to i it was
2	22	proud	caring	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was watching my sixth ny day and i was was a little. i was to get. i was so. i the the the the the the the the.. i the the. i i was i was i was..
16	22	guilty	caring	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i didn't get the last last week. i was so much, but i had to and the the, and, i didn't know what to do.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am waiting for my job interview. i i didn't know if i would get the. i i to the the the the i was i. i i was't.
8	17	jealous	surprised	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	everytime i am having my my my i can i have to be my my....... i have to to that i can get..
9	17	grateful	surprised	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my mom left me for my first i was i was i was i was't have to i was't have to i was't have to him.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was watching my last week and i was i was. i was so elated to get my.. i was i was the the the the the the.. i i was i was..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i didn't get the last last week and i was so much. i. i. i didn't know what the the, so i was so..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm really a good fan of jobs i'm not to know if i'm t to to to to. i i i i'm to to to with my. and my family.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm really a good fan of jobs i'm not to know if i'm t to to to to. i i i i'm to to to with my. and my family.
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm really a good fan of jobs i'm not to know if i'm t to to to to. i i i i i'm to to to with my. and my life.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm really aspiring actor. i'm not to to to with. i i'm i've been to to for for a while. i i'm i'm not and i'm self - employed thats.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i recently my my my my my year old niece and he was not to, and, but i i to to it's not to, but i have to for it
12	4	excited	terrified	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i spent all of my my friends my son's house to have to me, and i'' t know what's going to be, but it's not to
12	22	excited	caring	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i recently my my with my my my and and she said she was i. i was't have to, but i i i to to and and i felt like i!
12	17	excited	surprised	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i recently my my with my my and years ago and it was me of of that, i'm not to, but i to it and it's not to to
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've always been my my my my my my my s house is on her own.. it is my favorite. i've never been in to to her and it is so me to..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've always been my my my my my my my's house. the weekend is on my own. it's a to me about how she is is on me. i i to me. i i'm so to to him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've always been my my my my my my my friend's house. the weekend with my kids. she's so a lot of i've been her. it's so to to be and and i's a to to
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've been trying to my my my my my friend's house. a few.. it's a to of time to her her. she's always a lot of and and her.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i found a gift from my friend and it was
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend wanted to borrow money
10	25	prepared	anticipating	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	so confident i win the lottery.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son took his first steps.	my son took his first steps.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i looked through an old photo album	i had through an old photo album
14	25	lonely	anticipating	me and my girlfriend broke up.	me and my girlfriend broke up with me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone crashed into my car yesterday.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss my times in college.	i miss my father in college.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i got a scholarship for college.	i got a brand new car.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i found a hair in my car and it was stolen
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend wanted to borrow money
10	4	prepared	terrified	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	so confident about the upcoming class.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son took his first steps.	my son took his first steps.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i looked through an old photo album	i had through an old photo album
14	4	lonely	terrified	me and my girlfriend broke up.	me and my girlfriend broke up today.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone ran into my car.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss my times in college.	i miss my father in law.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i got a scholarship for college.	i got a brand new car.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i found a hair in my car and it was stolen
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend wanted to borrow money
10	22	prepared	caring	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	so confident about the upcoming class.
2	22	proud	caring	my son took his first steps.	my son took his first steps.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i looked through an old photo album	i had through an old photo album
14	22	lonely	caring	me and my girlfriend broke up.	me and my girlfriend broke up today.
20	22	furious	caring	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone ran into my car.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss my times in college.	i miss my father in college.
5	22	joyful	caring	i got a scholarship for college.	i got a scholarship for my birthday.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i got a hair in my my and it was
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend wanted to borrow money
10	17	prepared	surprised	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	so confident about the rain.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son took his first steps.	my son took his first steps.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i looked through an old photo album	i had through an old photo album
14	17	lonely	surprised	me and my girlfriend broke up.	me and my girlfriend broke up today.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone ran into my car.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss my times in college.	i miss my father in college.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i got a scholarship for college.	i got a brand new car.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i was my first child, i was so happy. i. i was a to, so i was to the the. i i i was to, i i was to to i was to. i felt like i.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was younger i i was my my my my my my my my my my my. i was to get, i was't i'm so to to him!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i was my first child, i was so excited. i was my. i was in the. i was so. i was i was i was i was a to and i i was so. i felt so.. i felt like i.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was younger i i was wanted to my my my my my my my my my my. i was't get to i was't i was't
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i was my first child, i was so happy. i. i was to to my my.. i was so. i was i was i was a to, and i was so. i felt so i. i felt like i.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was younger my brother was wanted to get my my. i i was to to him, but i didnt get it. i was so to to him!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i was my first child, i was so happy. i. i was to to my my.. i was so. i felt so i and i was i was to to i was so. i felt so bad.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was younger i i was my my my my my my my my my my. i was't get to i was't i was a to to that i was
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	a guy pulled out in in in front of me, and it was me to to. i had to to to the to get it. it was the to the the the. i i it. i it was be a, but i to get..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	a guy pulled out in in in front of me, and it was me to to. i had to to to the the to get it.. i was to to the the to get it and. i i was to to i was..
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	a guy pulled out in in in front of me, and it was me to to. i had to to to the the to get it.. it was the to the the and. i i to to. i i to to and i it.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	we were a a a to our house and our family and i got it. it was. it was it was a to to, but i it was to to to get it and it it. to get it and and it it to be..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	there was a lot that you have to stay with with the most of... my kids and my parents and and the the to the the to the to the to the to the
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	there was a lot that i have been in for for for over the years my heads to my house. i to to to to to...... the thes and my parents and and a a and and i just have a pontoon
11	22	embarrassed	caring	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	there was a lot that you have to stay with with for the most of my kids. after being a for for the past few months and it it reminded me of my childhood and playing games with my brothers and and to my brothers and to to be for a long time
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	there was a lot that you have to stay with with for the most of my kids. after being a for for the past few months and it it reminded me of my childhood and grow up to be a psycho "
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i saw a man beating my on the road. i was't believe it. it was it was't be it. i it was it. it.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i saw a man beating my on the road. i was't believe it was it. it was't be it it it it was it was a a..
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i saw a man beating my on the road. i was't believe it was it. it was't be it. i it was it was a to..
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i saw a man beating my of the road. i i't believe it. i was't know it was it and it it was not to..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was walking in the the park and the in front of me. i was i was to. i was to to the the to the to the..
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at the store and i had to get the the the the the. the the the. the person was in to the the and and to the the.. the the. i was to the and was was.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had to go to the a house for a few weeks ago. it had been awhile since i had had. it'me me to to the the the the the the the the the the the.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week i was was so much. i was in the the of my my my my was was in the of me. my brother. he was me to and and and the me.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was walking in the the park and the in front of me. i was in. the.. i had to and i had to to in the and.
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at the beach and i went to to the the the the the. the was was a to the the the. the the the the the the the the the the the.. the the was was the. i was to the the
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had to have a oral surgery for once. it was my first time i had to to the the of the the. the the of the the and and it was me to. i had to to with me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week i was was so much. i was in the the of my my my my was was.. the house was to to me. i was to to my and to get it back.
20	22	furious	caring	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was walking in the park and a a on the bus. i was to the. i had to to my my and to me me to in the car.
19	22	confident	caring	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at the beach and i went to the the to the the. the was was a to the the. the the. the the the the the the the the the the was was a. i was was the the the the.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had to have a digital - section with my my my my. it was me of my i had to to my my my it was my to to it all. i had to to it and all over the..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week, i was so much. i was in my my my my my my my my was was in the to me. to my my.. the the.. the the.. i was was the..
20	17	furious	surprised	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was walking in the the the other day and i a on a car of the.. i was i was i i to to the the the front of. i was to.
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at the beach and i had to get the the the. the the the. the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the. the the. the person behind me. i me. i was to to.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had to go to the the house with my friend. i had been awhile since i had been out of the house, and it was me to to to to get to the.. the time to stay over the weekend.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week i was so much when i was my my my my my my my my my was was in the to. my brother. he was me to to me and and the the the..
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i remember going to my my and my friend is a a.. she is going to be my best to her to the she is the best and she i have no one to go out.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	one time i went to the store with my friends and i i was i was i. i had to to my my the the the the and. i i to to i was to to i was to. i felt so.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was younger, i was in of of the the of the my.. i was in with a my.. my friend was to to me to to me to get. my husband and me to the the in the end.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been been with my flare up for a long time.. i have to to my my. i. i to my family to the my family. my family. i to go. with them.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i remember going to my my and my friend is a a.. she is on her own and she is in the to the house. she is so a mansion and i i'm for her, but i have to stay in the house.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	one time i went to the store with my friends and i i was i was i. i had to to my my the the the the.. i i to to my i was to to i was to to i was to to.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was younger i was scared of almost the experience.... but i i was a to and the the and of the in the of my the and of the and and the the and. i was to to and was a to.
7	4	sad	terrified	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been been with my flare up for a long time.. my friend's house to me for the whole house with my family. my family is on a lake. i have no idea what it's going to be
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i remember going to my my and my friend has been dating for for years. he is a to to the to for the to get. i'm'm not to remain optimistic that this will be right now and the to the the the.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	one time i went to the store with my friends and i i was i was i. i had to to my my the the the the.. i i to to my car to i was to to my car.
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was younger i was younger of the to be able to leave my my.. my friend was in the to of the to the my and. i was to be was able to get my my and my me to me.
7	22	sad	caring	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been been with my flare up for my long time. i have to to a lot of money apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i was dating my parents and i had been dating for the past year. she has been busy with the other day of her. she is on the and and she she and me and me and i i feel like i and i'm not to to her to her.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	one time i went to the store with my friends and i i was i was i. i had to to my my the the the the.. i i to to my car. i was to to my car.
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was younger, i was in to of the in the of my my.. in the of. i was to to my my and. i was to to to me to to me. i was to to my in the to me.
7	17	sad	surprised	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been been with my flare up for my long time. i have to to a lot of money apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my best friend to get me to a. i i was so scared. i was to to him, but i to him. i i't know what to do. i i was't.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my best friend about an illness and i told him not to for him to get. i i didn't know what i i was i i i i i i was i was i to to him. i felt like he did the right thing.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my best friend to buy me a car. i i't know what to do with him for a while. but i didn't know what i should take it in the..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my partner did not get well at work for my job. i was i was so to him. i was so to him, but i he did not know to to the the the.. i i was i was him.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my cat was on the last last year and we were to to to to the to the... the the the the the the the the the, and the the the to the the. with the.. i was the and i was
6	25	angry	anticipating	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i got a dog of the the the in the of the the the of the.. the person in the the.. the the the the the the the. the the the the.. the the.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my cat year old school was was. i was about to to to up in the middle of a few days, i was the the of the the the the the and and the the the. the the and and.
6	4	angry	terrified	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i got a dog of the the the of our new novel. the the. she is the the the the the the the her the the the the her, the the the the her to the the and. i the the.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my cat year old school school.. she was was to to to and the other day, and the the the her to the the the the her the the the the the the. the the. she was the and and and i i i was the and.
6	22	angry	caring	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i got a dog of the the the of our new novel. the the. she is the the the the she is the the the she was is so me and i me to to. i was..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my cat year old was was in for a few.. was the to the the the the the the. the the the the the the the the the the. with the.. the the the the.. she was the and the i was i was a and.
6	17	angry	surprised	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i got a dog of the the the in our our house. the.. she was the to the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the her the the the and. she was the.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son said to go me the other day. i'm so so much. i'm t to to to to him to do that i don't know how to do..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son said to go me the other day. i'm so so much. i'm t to to to to him to i'm t know how i'm t to to do.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son said to go me the other day. i'm so so much. i'm t to to to to him to do that i i'm t. i'm so glad that he's gone to i feel like.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son said to go me the other day. i'm so so much. i'm t to to to to him to i'm t know how i'm t to to do.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was younger, i was younger of deeply deeply in love with me with.... he is always been my best to me to make me to.. i've been in to be with. for years and and.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was younger, i was younger of deeply deeply in love with me with.... he is always been my best to me to.. i i't understand the how the things and be..
31	22	devastated	caring	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was younger, i was younger of deeply deeply in love with a girl..... i's been to be my for for years years and. she always been me to me and i i and i i's been to me. i's been to me and i's been to
31	17	devastated	surprised	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was younger, i was younger of deeply deeply in love with me with.... he is to be my best friend for me, and and the the the the. she lives in the midwest. she lives in the midwest. she has a good job and i'm so happy she's so
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am jealous of my coworker, they are very smart and athletic
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my daughter is getting married. sheinating. she is on her
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my son said me with his family for. i think he's going.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am a little. i heard a noise in and it was a detroit..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so tired of the kids. my husband is the best.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was supposed to have a party for my, but my came out of the house.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was playing with with my the other day and it was me of my favorite
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am happy with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, i have a good
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	the time a car on a project in front of a crowd of people
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy for my son when he leaves his his clothing on the floor.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i bought a brand new car. my car. i am so upset about it.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in a and and and a and a a and in the of me.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	last year my grandmother passed away. i'm so to to her with.
7	25	sad	anticipating	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a few years ago when my husband got me and i was very for him.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i lost all of my classes last semester. i am so scared.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt pretty bad after a a work on a date. i was not to
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to get my finances and and to pay off my debts.
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt pretty good last week. the other. i was a a a a at the.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i used to get the new car the other day, the end of the
1	25	afraid	anticipating	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last night i had a wardrobe malfu in my my house. i was alone.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy to see that my son had his home from work on the the other day
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was scared the other night when i didn't like to go..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i studied all my my final exam exam.. i was going to do well
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	there was a wasp in my room this morning when i got up my my boss
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my favorite shade of lipstick was discontinued today. i am so to.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am jealous of my coworker, they are very smart and athletic
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my daughter is getting married. all the kids are going to
2	4	proud	terrified	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my dog nursed me to to school... i'm so her.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am a little. i heard a out in the of this is a..
14	4	lonely	terrified	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so with with my my girlfriend at the time. i have.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was supposed to have a work with with my the. the the of my coworkers
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was outside with my the other day and and my my my me. it was me!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am happy with my girlfriend. i have a girlfriend, a good group of friends
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	the time a car on a project in front of a crowd of people in
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy when my son won his award for his first.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	someone stole my car from my car. i am so angry about it.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in a taxi and and a and a the of people were there.
31	4	devastated	terrified	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	last year my grandmother passed away. i'm so to to her with.
7	4	sad	terrified	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a few years ago, my brother was me. i was very upset with him.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i lost all my of in the class.. i am so disappointed.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt pretty nervous when a a gift to my friend last week.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to get my finances and and to pay off my debts.
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt pretty good when i got a ticket last.. i was the the the the
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i didn't get selected for a leadership training class at work, i was a the
1	4	afraid	terrified	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last night i had a wardrobe malfu in my my house. i was felt so.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy to see that my son had his home from work on the other day
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was really the broadway show hamilton. i didn't know i would do.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i studied all my final math test the first time. i was i was not sure
31	4	devastated	terrified	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	there was a wasp in my room this morning when i got up my my girlfriend
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my favorite pizza place closed down last week and i am so upset about it.
8	22	jealous	caring	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am jealous of my coworker, they are very smart and me.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my daughter is getting married. sheinating. she is on her
2	22	proud	caring	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my dog said me up for my family. i think she's going to.
1	22	afraid	caring	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am a little. i just heard a noise upstairs. it was a detroit..
14	22	lonely	caring	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so with with my my girlfriend at the time..
6	22	angry	caring	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was supposed to have a day with with my my my my had up on my
5	22	joyful	caring	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was playing with with my the other day and it reminded me of my childhood
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am happy with my girlfriend, i have a girlfriend, i always feel good
30	22	apprehensive	caring	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a girl on me in in front of me, a man stopped to help me
5	22	joyful	caring	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy for my son, he he won the national award.
20	22	furious	caring	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	someone stole my car from my car. i am so angry about it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in a and and and a and a a and the the the..
31	22	devastated	caring	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	last year my grandmother passed away. it's so hard to be with my.
7	22	sad	caring	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a few years ago, my brother was me. i was very upset with him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i lost all of my classes last semester. i am so scared.
26	22	anxious	caring	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt pretty good on a date. i got to to a date
2	22	proud	caring	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to see my my and and to pay off my debts.
28	22	content	caring	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt pretty bad last week. i got on a patio and i was was a.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i really wanted to get a new in the the of the my car had a
1	22	afraid	caring	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last night i had a huge meal at my house. i was my favorite.
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy to see that my dog had gotten out of the the
29	22	impressed	caring	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was really the last night. i didn't like it i i was.
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i studied all my final math test last week. i felt so good about it
31	22	devastated	caring	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a was a a wasp in my room this morning. i got me to i was
21	22	disappointed	caring	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my favorite shade of lipstick was discontinued today. i am so thankful for it.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so annoyed by my my, they are not for the most of.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my daughter is getting married. sheinating. she is on her
2	17	proud	surprised	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my son said me with his for my.. i am so to him.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am a alone. i just heard a noise upstairs and it is really scary.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so tired of my my girlfriend for being a a party.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was supposed to have a party for work with my family my kids were up on the
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was in with with my the other day and my son was on me. i was so
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am happy with my wife, but i have a good, i i feel
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	the first time a hit on me and a a wreck on the way to the
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy for my son, he he won his award for his class.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	someone stole my car from my car. i am so angry about it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in a taxi and and and a and the the of the the the.
31	17	devastated	surprised	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	last year my grandmother passed away. i'm so to to her with her.
7	17	sad	surprised	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a few years ago, my brother was me. i was very upset with him.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i lost all of my classes last semester. i am so scared.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt pretty good before a new job. i just did not know anyone
2	17	proud	surprised	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to get my finances and and to pay for my bills.
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt pretty good last week when i got on a boat. i was was my
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i used to get a new car and the the the the the the the the
1	17	afraid	surprised	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last week i had a wardrobe malfu in my my house. i was felt so.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy to see that my dog had home the other day off the the
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was watching the broadway show hamilton. i didn't know what i was.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i studied all week for my exam last week. i think i did well well.
31	17	devastated	surprised	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	there was a wasp in my room this morning when i got up my my boss
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my favorite pizza place closed down last week and i am so hurt about it.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband's husband is in a 60s and we are in our house,. she's going to a new house for a and and i'm t to to to to it. but i'm not to remain optimistic about the situation and but it's hard.
10	4	prepared	terrified	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband's husband is an over the road truck driver and we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
10	22	prepared	caring	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband's dog got married in and he and he is the to to a a week. i'm so to to him to get't know what to do with him. but he is s always to the doctor, and to visit me, and i'm worried it will be another. to see him.
10	17	prepared	surprised	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband's dog got accepted into a business. he's been in in with her, and she's a good to to be. i'm so to to her with her. she's always the the the the and and the the the her the the and and the the the the the the
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i just found out that my friend was i was i. i was't have to i was't have to i i i i i was't i feel so bad
6	25	angry	anticipating	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	as a child, i was to the the the i was the. i i was to. i i i was to the the the the and was was the. i i was i was.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm always the the amount of the i i i've been my my..'s been to my of my and and it's a to.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i have to go to the the my with my friend. i i on the, but i't t have to go to a long time to get my home to get home from home. i feel like i'm in the to.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i just found out that my friend was i was't have. i was't i't have to i i i i i was't i was so to to him
6	4	angry	terrified	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	as a coach, i remember my i was i was that i would be my i was. i was to the the the the. i i was to to i was i was. i felt like..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm quite at the at the day of the past. it's the....'s been to see out of the house, have to live in the house...'s been a
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i have to get the of my my my my. i on the road. i't t have to go to i was the to to i to to the the.
16	22	guilty	caring	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i just found out that my friend's birthday. i i didn't know what i i i i i i i i was't i have to
6	22	angry	caring	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	after a long, i i was not to to the the, i i was't get to the the of the the. the was was out of the me and my the.. i felt like..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm been quite upset at the the day of the past. it's the. it's the the the's the the the the the the the the the of the the of the the the of the the and and the the
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i have to get the of my my my my friend. i on the road. i was't know how to i it, but i i't. i me.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i just found out that my friend was i was't have. i i't t have to i i i i i i was't i'm so to to him
6	17	angry	surprised	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	after a long, i was i was not get the the the, i i was to the the of the the. i was the the the the the i was was in the. i felt that i.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm always the the the the the last night of the. it's my my my my of my and and my my..'s been to me and and i it's nice to see them.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i have to get the of my my my my friend on the road. i was to to to me, but i't t have to i it. i i'm t.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	me and my girlfriend is a good job. we are going to be for a to we are both out of it is not to to be happy about it.
3	4	faithful	terrified	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	me and my girlfriend is going through a tough. we are going to to be to the to for a long time. it's a to to be.
3	22	faithful	caring	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	me and my girlfriend is a good job. we are going to be for a to get, but we we are both to to be we are both happy for it.
3	17	faithful	surprised	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	me and my girlfriend is a good job. we are going to be to for a to, but we we're going to a new house.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job. graduating. she's a a lot of " " "'s " " "'s going to an interview later, for a job, so i'm just happy about it's not to, but i'm not to remain optimistic that this was the and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if you? "
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my girlfriend is going to a tough process of finding a job. she's so a lot of " " "'s " " " "'s going to an interview later, for a job, so i'm just happy about it's not to, but i'm not to remain optimistic that this was the and the and and the the
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my girlfriend is i'm going to to to to a, and i'm just so at him, but i's only to to about it, i'm just a to him, and, but i'm not to remain optimistic that this will be and and the you get the for the
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my husband's been a a new puppy and and we've got so many year, but i'm so to to it's a to, but i'm not to remain optimistic that it will be and it's not to, and, and to the them
6	25	angry	anticipating	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really do not like the new education law.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't like that people are so much.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i've got the the amount of work that's
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	it makes me feel my my brother would do me back
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i applied for a promotion at my job.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm afraid of the upcoming season is in with my children
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's mom is at me. it's so..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	how can i get more for the the more than the future
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i think i'm so scared.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i walked into the first day on the first time
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my sister went to a state with some money.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was waiting for an interview and was told that they would
16	25	guilty	anticipating	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i ate all every time i am am having thoughts about myself.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i really wish i could sing like, but i like obama.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my kids are in school i get lonely sometimes.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	once i i like the the like the the the the.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a a pretty scared. i am not. it makes me
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i spent a lot of time by myself at a child.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i am scared of the fact i i i i watch my.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. i am so nervous.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty lonely when my dad was my my my birthday
7	25	sad	anticipating	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	the time i was robbed with my reaction. i feel bad.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i remember my best friend my dad when he said he
6	4	angry	terrified	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really do not like the new education law.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't like that people are so much.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i've always the the the the day i it
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i believe my my would always get me when i talk about it
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i thought i would get so well on my.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm afraid of how the future is in inulationinging
31	4	devastated	terrified	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's mom's mom isn't doing well.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	how can i get more for the the more than the
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i think i'm so.. i.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i walked into the first day on the first time
23	4	trusting	terrified	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my sister went on a with a and came from me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was waiting for an interview and was to to get
16	4	guilty	terrified	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	after all all those people i am about my futures.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i really wish i could sing like, but i like obama.
14	4	lonely	terrified	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my kids are in school i get lonely sometimes.
1	4	afraid	terrified	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	every i i see a bear, i the the the the.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a a pretty scared. i am not healthy and it
14	4	lonely	terrified	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i spent a lot of time by myself at a child.
2	4	proud	terrified	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i feel very sad when the time i i my my my.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. i am so nervous.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty lonely before i met my girlfriend and friend group
7	4	sad	terrified	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	the time i was working on me. i was so.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i trusted my brother would help me when my dog wast
6	22	angry	caring	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really do not like the new education law.
23	22	trusting	caring	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't like it when people talk about me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i've always the the the of the i i it
30	22	apprehensive	caring	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i believe my my would not me when he said she would
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i forgot my my i was going to my birthday
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm getting about visiting my daughters's this year
31	22	devastated	caring	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's mom's mom isn't doing well.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	how can i get more for the the more than the
27	22	hopeful	caring	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i feel like i'm getting sick...
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i walked into the first day of the first time
23	22	trusting	caring	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my mom got into a bunch of money from me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was waiting for an interview and was not to to
16	22	guilty	caring	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i ate all my kids halloween.. i feel like.
8	22	jealous	caring	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i really wish i could sing like, but i like obama.
14	22	lonely	caring	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my kids are in school i get lonely sometimes.
1	22	afraid	caring	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i i i like i could go back to the i was.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a a pretty scared.. i can not wait
14	22	lonely	caring	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i spent a lot of time with myself at a child.
2	22	proud	caring	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i feel very sad when i of my uncle when i was younger.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. i am so nervous.
14	22	lonely	caring	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty lonely before i met my girlfriend and friend group
7	22	sad	caring	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	one time i was robbed with my reaction. i feel bad.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i trusted my brother would help me when my brother went to
6	17	angry	surprised	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really do not like the new education law.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't like that i have any money.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i've felt this way while going home and my husband's
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i believe to my my but i always get my wife
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i wish i was going my my birthday..
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm scared of being weight for the past season.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's mom is still out. she's so.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	how can i get to go to the the the
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i feel i'm so i'm getting sick..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i walked for the first time in my car
23	17	trusting	surprised	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my mom went on a with a ander.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was waiting for an interview and was not to to
16	17	guilty	surprised	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	after all all those people i am about my life.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i really wish i could sing like, but i like obama.
14	17	lonely	surprised	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my kids are in school i get lonely sometimes.
1	17	afraid	surprised	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	every time i eat a, i get the of the the.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a a pretty settlement. i am not not to anything
14	17	lonely	surprised	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i spent a lot of time with myself at a child.
2	17	proud	surprised	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i feel very confident when i i i the time i..
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. i am so nervous.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty lonely before i met my girlfriend and friend group
7	17	sad	surprised	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	when my friends didnt invite me on sunday. i felt so bad.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i trusted my brother would help me when my dog wast
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i took my my my omar i i i was i. i was i was i would get to to i was.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i once was walking in and i in to a some people. some people were so and and in the the of
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was so to to go out with my friend, but i'm not to go to work.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have been studying for my job. i am i i i the the to the my i am i will be.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad just told me my car my brother. he was to to it was a a a week.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was so when i was at the store and they were the the of the of the the the.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was in a a of of the the other day. i was a a my. it was so.. it was so..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found out with my my old's umbilical 500 stump. it it it brought back back memories of them.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm going to be a a tonight. i i't wait to see it it..
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday, i was caught my. i i was i was i. i was my my my..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in a long mood and my my came to,, me, i me to to my and and
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just bought my my my birthday birthday party for me. i am so with my wife and friends.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i was supposed to go out with my friend megan but i i to go home. i was home alone.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	it was my first day ever teaching high school. i have ever taught elemebtary school and i was so scared.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am scared of how much, i used to be the the of,,, and, and and the and the
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just to get my dream job. i'm so happy i i't have to go to
29	25	impressed	anticipating	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a friend of mine just got a new wrangler. i want to to to my and and to help me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the the the other day and some of. i was me to to it was.
19	4	confident	terrified	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i took my my my omar i i i was i was i. i was't believe i did.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	once i was at a store and and and the person in front of me of me and my the the the
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i'm really to to the to for my, but i'm not to, but i'm not.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have been studying for my job. i am i i to the my i i i i to to my my.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad told me that my car my my birthday. i was i was to to a a a new car
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was so when i was at the store and they were the the of the of the the the.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was in a a with a of my old high school. it was a of the i was it was it was..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found out my my grandfathers old and. it all over the and. i'' t it it it..
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm supposed to get a new but but i'm not i'm not at work.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday, i was caught taking the bus. i i was to to my i. i felt bad.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in in a long mood with my friend. i, but i'm not to and to the the
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just moved my new car to my my.. i am having to with my wife. i have.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i had to go to the at work. my friend was me me my my it was my my..
10	4	prepared	terrified	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	it was my first day ever teaching high school. i have to be in in the the of the.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am scared of how much, i used to be the superbowl, they me and a a and
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just to to my my birthday. i can't wait to see it. it's so a
29	4	impressed	terrified	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a friend of mine just got a new wrangler. i want to to for my new one.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the the the other day and some of. i was me to to it was.
19	22	confident	caring	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i took my my my omar, i was i was i. i was't believe it. i was so.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i once was walking in and i and in front of me, causing me to slam the the and and it was
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was really to to to the out with my friend, but i'm not to't want to go.
19	22	confident	caring	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have been studying for my job. i am i i i the the to my my i am i to go.
8	22	jealous	caring	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad gave me a gold watch my birthday birthday.. i was a a a i was a him.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was so when when i hear the song at the gym in the of people. people were there.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was in a a with a of my old high school. it was a of the i was i was it was it.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found out my my grandfathers old and. it all over the and. i'' t it it it..
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm going to get a new but i i'm not i'm not to at work.
15	22	ashamed	caring	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday, i i was caught my my i. i was i was i was i was a a..
27	22	hopeful	caring	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in a of with a lot of cottage time. i i to to to, but i to my current
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just moved my new car to my my.. i am i to miss my my..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i went to a party party for my friend. i trusted my friend to me and my the the.
10	22	prepared	caring	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	when was in the my house got home from the. i got to the top of the the..
21	22	disappointed	caring	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am scared of how much, i used to be the superbowl, i, i, and just got
27	22	hopeful	caring	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i finally got to see my favorite band. i am so happy i can't get to see it.
29	22	impressed	caring	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a friend of mine just got a new wrangler. i want one to my a new and.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	was at the the the other day and the kids were going to. it made me feel to.
19	17	confident	surprised	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i took my my my i was i was i. i was i was i was i was i was so to do.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	once i was in in the pool and a and, and in front of me and and the the the the the
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i'm really to to the to for my, but i'm not. i'' t have to.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have been studying for my job. i am i i i the to the my i am i will be able to do.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad just told me my car my brother. he was to get it back from the. i was it
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was so when i was at the store and they were the the of the of the the the.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was in a a a a of of the. i was a was a.. i was so was so..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found out my my cat's closet. all the all and it brought back so much memories.
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm going to get a new tonight. i i't know what i'm going to do.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday, i was caught taking the bus. i was to to my i. i was to my my..
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in in a long mood with my friend. i, but i'm not to and the the
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just moved my new car for my my.. i am i with my wife and it is me me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i was supposed to be a party with my friend. i i up on the date and it was me.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	it was my first day ever teaching high school. i have ever taught elemebtary school.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am scared of how much, i used to be the of people,,, i, and just the the
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just to to get my favorite band. i'm t wait to see it it's a good
29	17	impressed	surprised	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a friend of mine just got a new wrangler. i want to to to my and and the.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the the the other day and the of me.. it made me feel to to.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i love the the new pokemon movie on my.. i wish i could have.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i have my my wife and and she is and supports me to to the house.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone threw me off my lunch at work. i am so upset about it.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have a big presentation at work on a date. i am so nervous about it.
28	25	content	anticipating	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i feel so when my my wife left me for college. i am so it
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i remember i was going to pass my history.. i did not get the the the
12	25	excited	anticipating	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i will be a on vacation tomorrow week. i am so stoked that i cant
28	25	content	anticipating	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to the park with dinner yesterday. it was my favorite meal. i felt.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i overslept and my my kids have left the last night.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy that i just got to see how it seems to be and happy
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my best friend just moved to visit. she's been for her for her.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am going to a party with my friend. i haven't been a
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i had a big at the the other day. it was so relaxing.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little upset with my friend. she got me a to me
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend got a new hat adidas.. i have to have them money.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i went to my my house to go out with my friends. my friends were me
7	25	sad	anticipating	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when my dad got to to me to me. i i had him for him
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i love the new pokemon movie on my.. i think it is the the..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i have my my wife and. she is and supports me and providing me
6	4	angry	terrified	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone threw away my lunch at work. it made me feel so angry. i don't know it.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have a big to take a on a test. i am so nervous about it.
28	4	content	terrified	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i feel so alone all my my husband is going on a trip. i feel so
10	4	prepared	terrified	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt really good when i went to the doctors. i did not get it
12	4	excited	terrified	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i will be a on a trip trip tomorrow. i am so nervous i cant wait!
28	4	content	terrified	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to the park with for dinner.. i was satisfied with the meal.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i overslept and my my and and all the it.
28	4	content	terrified	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy that i just got to see how it it seems to be so happy
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my best friend just moved to another state. i have been been her her her her.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am going to a party with my friend. i haven't been on a
28	4	content	terrified	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i had a big at at the beach.. i was satisfied with the meal.
7	4	sad	terrified	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little upset with my friend. she got me a to me
8	4	jealous	terrified	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend got a new hat adidas card. i had to to have them
14	4	lonely	terrified	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i went to my my friend to get me for a.. my friends were me
7	4	sad	terrified	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when my dad got to to me to me. i had to for him
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i love get the new car in my.. i hate the the the.
9	22	grateful	caring	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i have my my wife and. he is me me and and providing me a.
6	22	angry	caring	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone threw me off my lunch at work. i am so upset about it.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have a big presentation coming up on my.. i am so nervous about it.
28	22	content	caring	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i feel so bad with my husband. i is so busy and i feel
10	22	prepared	caring	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt like when i did not get the first time i i was i was my
12	22	excited	caring	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i will be a on a trip tomorrow. i am so am going to do it!
28	22	content	caring	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to to dinner with my friends. i was satisfied with the meal.
16	22	guilty	caring	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i overslept and my my and and all the it.
28	22	content	caring	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy that i just got to the.. they are so to and seam
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my best friend just moved to visit my girlfriend. i'' t been her for her.
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am going to a party with my friend. i haven't seen a long time
28	22	content	caring	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i had a big at work today. the other day. i was satisfied with the meal.
7	22	sad	caring	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little upset with my friend. she got me a to me
8	22	jealous	caring	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend got a new hat adidas.. i had to to them
14	22	lonely	caring	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i went to my my friend for dinner.. my friend was in the for me
7	22	sad	caring	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when my dad got to to my birthday present. i wanted him to have a
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i hate the new pokemon movie my my.. i think i the the the.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i have my my wife and. she is and supports me and providing me
6	17	angry	surprised	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone threw me off all my my.. i am so thankful for that.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have a big test coming up on a date. i am so nervous about it.
28	17	content	surprised	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i feel so sad when my husband left me. i. i never felt so
10	17	prepared	surprised	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt like i did well on my math test. i had to the the
12	17	excited	surprised	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i will be a on vacation tomorrow. i am so stoked! i cant wait!
28	17	content	surprised	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to to dinner yesterday by myself. i felt so bad about it.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i overslept and my my and and all the it.
28	17	content	surprised	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy that i just got promoted and i were so much more than
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my best friend just moved to visit my girlfriend. i'' t been her in her.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am going to a party with my friend. i haven't seen in awhile
28	17	content	surprised	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i had a meal at the the other day. it was satisfied with my meal.
7	17	sad	surprised	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little upset with my friend. she got me a to me
8	17	jealous	surprised	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend got a new hat adidas card. i had to have them money.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i went to my my friend to get me for my birthday. he was my the
7	17	sad	surprised	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when my dad got to to my birthday party. i had to to him
6	25	angry	anticipating	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my son had to have a over for a few months ago. he he took it to me. i i to to him in the car.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used to have a lot of people in but i i'm not. i.. i my my to to me to to.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was going through some oldutter in the the of the of my of my my had been my of and it had it it all over me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was at at home and. i was some people were so to....... it's so to and it's not..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i really wanted to go to a my my my my was in a my car. i was to to it was a. to get it.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was driving down a a and and i came out of my coworker got me. i was i i to to my my in the car!
6	25	angry	anticipating	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i had some food done today for the food, and i it. the the.. i don't know what to do.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so looking forward to the the the of the.. i'm'm the the of the of my knees my my knees my self -
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i got the new a new car that i had on the first. it was a to the the the the the it was the the the the the the the it was
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i cooked for hours for my my... i i so much. i i it it's it to me.
6	4	angry	terrified	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my son had to have a over for a few months ago. he took it to the i i to to it and he took it back to me.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used to have a lot of people in but i i'm not. i.. i i up to my and and it it to me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was going through some oldutter in the attic the other day and found some of my old stuff from me. it made me miss my childhood.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was at the beach and i there was a giant bangted. i. i i to to it and it it's not to.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i really wanted to go to a my my my my was a a.. i was to to my my it was my best friend. i felt so bad.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was a a down a few weeks ago and my friend cheered me up on the road. i had to to, and i me!
6	4	angry	terrified	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i had some food done today for the cashier, i was not the the.. i it, i it's so.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so looking forward to the the the of the.. i'm'm 26 with how things will be so much!
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i got the new car of mine that i had. i was the the the the it was the first. i it was a to to it was the the the the the
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i ate some food today for my... i felt so bad because i have no friends. i i it's not.
6	22	angry	caring	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my son had to have been put in for for a few months. he took me to his. i it have to of him in my life
23	22	trusting	caring	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used to have a lot of people in but i i'm not to. i.. i i to to my my to to
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was going through some oldutter in the the of the of my i had on my.. it had been me and it had been awhile since i had no.
20	22	furious	caring	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was at the beach and i was some people. i was't to up and it it made me reminisce about it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i really wanted to go to a my my my my my.. i was i was i to go to i was so. i was so upset with me.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was driving down a a and when i came out of my coworker got me. i i i was so mad at me!
6	22	angry	caring	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i had some tests done this the food, but i didn't know what it was. i it.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so looking forward to the the the of the.. i am't of how much of my powers. it's so
12	22	excited	caring	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i got the new car of my i had been saving for. it was the first time i had been been it, it was a a of the!
16	22	guilty	caring	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i cooked some ice cream for my my.. i feel so bad because i miss them so much and i have to to it.
6	17	angry	surprised	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my son had to have a over for a few months ago. he took it to the i i to to it and he took it back to me.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used to have a lot of people in but i i'm not to. i.. i i to to my my to
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was going through some oldutter in the attic the other day and found some of my old stuff from me. it made me miss my my childhood.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was watching at home and i was a a..... i people were there. it's so to to and and and it it..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i really wanted to go to a my my my my my my on my.. i was to to it was a to to it was so.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was driving down a a and and i i my in my car. i had to my my and me and i me! i was so mad!
6	17	angry	surprised	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i had some tests done this the food, but i didn't know what it was. i it. it.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so looking forward to the the the of the.. i'm'm 26 with how things will be so much!
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i got the new car of mine that i had. it was the first time i had been been it all day. it was a to the the the
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i ate some of today today. my my my my my. i was't have i feel so bad about it.
