28	25	content	anticipating	lifes going good right now	beach vacation coming up
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i became a dad today.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my favorite fish died : (	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an exam tomorrow.	i am a to see my last night
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i was ready for my exams	i was breaking into my
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am terrified of clows	i am scared of breaking into my apartment last night
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	when my child lied to me	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	donald trump makes me sick.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the teeth of some patients!	that someone was breaking into my apartment last night
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared walking home alone	i was breaking into my apartment last night
20	25	furious	anticipating	they through thinner on my car	i was breaking into my apartment last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	i watched a depressing movie	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife so much	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	25	proud	anticipating	my husband got a promotion!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i pray for better days.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	lifes going good right now	beach vacation coming up
9	4	grateful	terrified	i became a dad today.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	4	devastated	terrified	my favorite fish died : (	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an exam tomorrow.	i am not of into my apartment last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	i was ready for my exams	i was breaking into my apartment last night
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am terrified of clows	i am scared of breaking into my apartment last night
21	4	disappointed	terrified	when my child lied to me	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	donald trump makes me sick.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	4	impressed	terrified	the teeth of some patients!	that someone was breaking into my apartment last night
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared walking home alone	i was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	they through thinner on my car	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	4	sad	terrified	i watched a depressing movie	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife so much	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	my husband got a promotion!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i pray for better days.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	22	content	caring	lifes going good right now	beach vacation coming up
9	22	grateful	caring	i became a dad today.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	22	devastated	caring	my favorite fish died : (	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an exam tomorrow.	i am a to see my last night
10	22	prepared	caring	i was ready for my exams	i was robbed to see me
1	22	afraid	caring	i am terrified of clows	i am scared of breaking my apartment last night
21	22	disappointed	caring	when my child lied to me	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	22	disgusted	caring	donald trump makes me sick.	eating someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	22	impressed	caring	the teeth of some patients!	that someone was breaking into my apartment last night
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared walking home alone	i was breaking into my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	they through thinner on my car	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	22	sad	caring	i watched a depressing movie	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife so much	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	22	proud	caring	my husband got a promotion!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
27	22	hopeful	caring	i pray for better days.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	17	content	surprised	lifes going good right now	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
9	17	grateful	surprised	i became a dad today.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	17	devastated	surprised	my favorite fish died : (	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an exam tomorrow.	i am a of my my my last night
10	17	prepared	surprised	i was ready for my exams	i was breaking into my apartment last night
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am terrified of clows	i am upset of breaking into my apartment last night
21	17	disappointed	surprised	when my child lied to me	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	17	disgusted	surprised	donald trump makes me sick.	when someone told me she was coming to see me
29	17	impressed	surprised	the teeth of some patients!	that someone was breaking into my apartment last night
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared walking home alone	i was breaking into my apartment last night
20	17	furious	surprised	they through thinner on my car	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	17	sad	surprised	i watched a depressing movie	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife so much	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	17	proud	surprised	my husband got a promotion!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i pray for better days.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i really't see my husband coming to see me weekend. she hates being alone.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we have a vacation coming up
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i have a was coming up town all night
8	25	jealous	anticipating	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last night, someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	25	confident	anticipating	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i've been a a date coming up
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was into into my apartment last night
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a coming up coming up
9	25	grateful	anticipating	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i was not to of out of town last night. i told me she was coming to see me
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i cant wait see my husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i feel bad for breaking into my apartment last night
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am going to be out of town all weekend. i hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am scared to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i have an an coming up
10	25	prepared	anticipating	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	everytime i make up coming up i see all of the night
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my my friend told me she was coming to see me
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm going to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a lot of town me weekend, me alone
26	4	anxious	terrified	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't see my friend coming to see me weekend. she hates being alone.
10	4	prepared	terrified	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	i have someone was coming into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	when someone was told me she was coming to see me
19	4	confident	terrified	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i've been a a my last night
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	4	sentimental	terrified	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so thankful to see me with me while he is coming to see me
19	4	confident	terrified	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a was coming to see me last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i cant believe my friend is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i feel bad to see me with me while i was coming to see me
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am not to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am ashamed that someone was coming into my apartment last night
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	everytime i make a to of me all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited me to stay with me
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm going to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
10	4	prepared	terrified	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a lot of town my apartment last night
26	22	anxious	caring	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i really thought my friend going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone.
10	22	prepared	caring	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	i have a coming up coming up
28	22	content	caring	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i have a was coming to see me last night
8	22	jealous	caring	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
19	22	confident	caring	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i've been a my wife for me while she was coming to see me
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	22	sentimental	caring	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so happy to see me while coming up
19	22	confident	caring	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a test coming up
9	22	grateful	caring	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i cant believe my husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i feel bad to see me with me while i was coming to see me
27	22	hopeful	caring	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	22	disgusted	caring	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	22	annoyed	caring	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
26	22	anxious	caring	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am ashamed that someone was coming into my apartment last night
21	22	disappointed	caring	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	22	prepared	caring	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	everytime i make up to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
27	22	hopeful	caring	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my sister told she was coming to see me
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm going to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
10	22	prepared	caring	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a lot of town me weekend, me she was coming to see me
26	17	anxious	surprised	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	17	prepared	surprised	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	i have a friend coming to see me me weekend. me me
28	17	content	surprised	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	17	jealous	surprised	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
19	17	confident	surprised	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i'm a a coming up
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	17	sentimental	surprised	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	sometimes i see someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so that my husband is coming to see me
19	17	confident	surprised	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	17	grateful	surprised	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can that my friend is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i feel bad to see me with me while i was coming to see me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my sister told told she was coming to see me
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am not to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am ashamed that someone was coming into my apartment last night
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	17	prepared	surprised	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	everytime i make a vacation coming up i see all of me all night
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm going to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
10	17	prepared	surprised	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a lot of town my apartment last night
28	25	content	anticipating	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am so to see me of my my husband
28	25	content	anticipating	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i have a great coming up
12	25	excited	anticipating	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am upset to see my my my my last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	when i had to get rid of my animals	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	to get a new with me
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have no friends at my new job.	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it's been such a terrific week!	it's been coming to see me
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am going to see me
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am scared to see my my last night
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am pleased with my children's score	i am pleased with my friend coming to see me
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a test in a month from now	i am a to see my apartment last night
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i felt bad was breaking into my apartment last night
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all the material for the exam.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	25	guilty	anticipating	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	while someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was very to see my my my
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i am going to be out of town all weekend
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was elon musk.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am so to see me my husband is coming to see me
28	4	content	terrified	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am upset to see my my my my last night
7	4	sad	terrified	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i told me she was coming to see me
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	to see a friend coming me
14	4	lonely	terrified	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have no friends at my new job.	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	it's been such a terrific week!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am so to see me
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am so to see my husband last night
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am pleased with my children's score	i am upset by my friend coming to see me
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a test in a month from now	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	4	trusting	terrified	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all the material for the exam.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	last night i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was upset to see my my my
28	4	content	terrified	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i am not to be out of town all weekend
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was elon musk.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	22	content	caring	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am so to see me my husband is coming to see me
28	22	content	caring	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	22	anxious	caring	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am upset to see me
7	22	sad	caring	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i told told me she was coming to see me
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	to see a friend me me
14	22	lonely	caring	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
14	22	lonely	caring	i have no friends at my new job.	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	22	joyful	caring	it's been such a terrific week!	it's really hard to see me
12	22	excited	caring	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am so to see me
15	22	ashamed	caring	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am so to see my husband
29	22	impressed	caring	i am pleased with my children's score	i am upset with my friend coming to see me
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a test in a month from now	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	22	confident	caring	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	22	trusting	caring	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	22	disgusted	caring	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all the material for the exam.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	22	guilty	caring	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	last night i told me she was coming to see me
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was very to see my my my my
28	22	content	caring	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i am not to be out of town
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was elon musk.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	17	content	surprised	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am so to see me my husband is coming to see me
28	17	content	surprised	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am upset that my friend coming to see me
7	17	sad	surprised	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i told told me she was coming to see me
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	when someone told me she was coming to see me
12	17	excited	surprised	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	to see a friend me she was coming to see me
14	17	lonely	surprised	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have no friends at my new job.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	17	joyful	surprised	it's been such a terrific week!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am so to see me
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my exam next week.	i was very to see my my last night
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am pleased with my children's score	i am upset with my friend coming to see me
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a test in a month from now	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	17	trusting	surprised	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all the material for the exam.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	17	guilty	surprised	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	last night i told told me she was coming to see me
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was upset to see my my my
28	17	content	surprised	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i am not to be out of town
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was elon musk.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was invited to see out with me while weekend
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	we are coming up my apartment my apartment last weekend, she hates being alone. i invited me to stay with me
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
1	25	afraid	anticipating	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just started a vacation coming up i wrote all night. i invited me to stay with me while he is gone.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my sister took her of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my my sister told me she was coming to see me
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	25	proud	anticipating	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt this way while coming to see me
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel that that my husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i just someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	i my my friend told me she was coming to see me
20	25	furious	anticipating	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the time my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my sister was coming to see me last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was breaking into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am not of the the of of my last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt bad when breaking into my apartment last night
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was invited to see out with my husband last night
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	once someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	4	hopeful	terrified	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	i tried to stay with me while i was coming to see me
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
1	4	afraid	terrified	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just ate a night out of town last night. i hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my sister took her of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my sister told told me she was coming to see me
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel that that my friend told me she is coming to see me
10	4	prepared	terrified	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	4	sad	terrified	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	i my friend told me she was coming to see me
20	4	furious	terrified	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the time my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am not the see my of my apartment last night
7	4	sad	terrified	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	4	trusting	terrified	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was invited to see me with me while he is gone.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	once a friend of me she was coming to see me
27	22	hopeful	caring	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	i to stay with me, while she is gone.
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
1	22	afraid	caring	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just ate a night of town last night. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	22	joyful	caring	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my sister took her of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
10	22	prepared	caring	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	22	proud	caring	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	22	disappointed	caring	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel that that my friend told me she is coming to see me
10	22	prepared	caring	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	22	sad	caring	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	i my sister told me she was coming to see me
20	22	furious	caring	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the time my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my sister friend told me she was coming to see me
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am not happy with my last year, i see her to see me
7	22	sad	caring	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	22	trusting	caring	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	22	joyful	caring	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was invited to see me with me while he is gone.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	once a friend of mine was coming to see me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	there is a of my me she was coming to see me
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
1	17	afraid	surprised	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just ate a last night. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
10	17	prepared	surprised	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my sister told told me she was coming to see me
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	17	proud	surprised	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel that that my friend told me she is coming to see me
10	17	prepared	surprised	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	17	sad	surprised	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	all my sister told me she was coming to see me
20	17	furious	surprised	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the time my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am not of my my, last night, she is coming to see me
7	17	sad	surprised	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	17	trusting	surprised	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	17	joyful	surprised	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was cleaning out my apartment last night and found me she was coming to see me me
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i was out of town all night. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	last night i had to stay with me while he is gone.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i was out to of town all night. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was driving into my apartment last night
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	last night someone was coming into my apartment last night
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i told told me she was coming to see me
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my sister was coming to see me weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was told my was coming into my apartment last night
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	once, i told me she was coming to see me. weekend. me alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking into my apartment last night and someone told me she was coming to see me
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	last my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
5	22	joyful	caring	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was told my was coming into my apartment last night
0	22	sentimental	caring	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	one time i told me she was coming to see me. i invited me me while he is gone.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i was out of town all night and my husband's husband. i to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking into my apartment last night and someone told me she was coming to see me
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	last my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	22	proud	caring	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
5	22	joyful	caring	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was told my was coming into my apartment last night
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	once my friend told me she was coming to see me
14	17	lonely	surprised	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	one time i told me she was coming to see me. was coming to see me
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking into my apartment last night and someone told me she was coming to see me
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	last my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
5	17	joyful	surprised	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was invited to see my husband last weekend
20	25	furious	anticipating	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was upset to see my husband
20	25	furious	anticipating	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my sister just told me she was coming to see me
19	25	confident	anticipating	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i ordered up coming into my apartment last night
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	i got a friend of my into my apartment last night
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i am so glad to have out of town all weekend.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	yesterday my friend told me she was coming to see me
19	25	confident	anticipating	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i was into into my apartment last night
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so to see out of town all weekend
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	when someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	25	angry	anticipating	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the time was coming to see me
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was upset to see my husband last weekend
20	4	furious	terrified	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was upset to see my husband
20	4	furious	terrified	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my sister told me she was coming to see me
19	4	confident	terrified	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i ordered up an hour last night and she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
27	4	hopeful	terrified	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i am so glad to have out of town all weekend. she is being alone.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	once my friend told me she was coming to see me
19	4	confident	terrified	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so to see out of town all weekend
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	when someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the time i was coming to see me
26	22	anxious	caring	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was happy my my friend me she was coming to see me
20	22	furious	caring	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	22	proud	caring	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was upset when my friend told me she was coming to see me
20	22	furious	caring	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	22	joyful	caring	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my sister told me she was coming to see me
19	22	confident	caring	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	22	hopeful	caring	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	i told my friend coming to see me
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i am so glad to have out of town all weekend.
9	22	grateful	caring	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
19	22	confident	caring	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	22	sentimental	caring	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	22	guilty	caring	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so to see out of town all weekend
13	22	annoyed	caring	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	when someone told me she was coming to see me
6	22	angry	caring	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the time i was coming to see me
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was upset when my friend told me she was coming to see me
20	17	furious	surprised	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	17	proud	surprised	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was upset when my friend told me she was coming to see me
20	17	furious	surprised	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my sister told me she was coming to see me
19	17	confident	surprised	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	17	hopeful	surprised	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	i told my friend coming to see me
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i am so glad to see me all weekend. she is coming to see me
9	17	grateful	surprised	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
19	17	confident	surprised	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	17	guilty	surprised	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so to see out of town all weekend
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
6	17	angry	surprised	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the time i was coming to see me
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am not with with the of of my apartment last weekend
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	25	jealous	anticipating	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was not to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so into my apartment last night
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	i keep someones of my apartment last night
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	25	angry	anticipating	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the the of the of of the weekend me she is coming to see me
14	25	lonely	anticipating	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i was working out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am not to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	25	furious	anticipating	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i felt all night into my apartment last night
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was supposed to be out of town last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i feel bad for breaking into my apartment last night
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i thought my was coming into my apartment last night
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was upset to see my friend me me while he was coming to see me
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my sister was told me she was coming to see me
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my sister just told me she was coming to see me
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was upset to see my friend me she was coming to see me
28	25	content	anticipating	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	last my husband was coming to see me
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am having to stay with me while he is coming to see me
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so that someone is coming to see me
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
3	4	faithful	terrified	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i was not to see my of my apartment last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	yesterday someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was not to see with with my last night
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so that my into my apartment last night
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	all my mys of s apartment last night
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my sister told told me she was coming to see me
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the the of of the is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
14	4	lonely	terrified	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	4	confident	terrified	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am not to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
20	4	furious	terrified	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was trying to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i feel bad that my friend told me she was coming to see me
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	4	proud	terrified	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my sister told me she was coming to see me
7	4	sad	terrified	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was upset to see my friend me she was coming to see me
28	4	content	terrified	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
15	4	ashamed	terrified	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am having to see my with my husband last weekend. she hates being alone.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so glad someone is coming to see me
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
3	22	faithful	caring	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i was not to see my of my apartment last weekend
10	22	prepared	caring	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	22	jealous	caring	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	yesterday someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	22	impressed	caring	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was not to see with with my last night
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am upset that my friend coming to see me
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	all of mys my was coming to see me
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	22	joyful	caring	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the the of of the is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone.
14	22	lonely	caring	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	22	confident	caring	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am not to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
20	22	furious	caring	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	22	annoyed	caring	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was invited to be out of town last night
9	22	grateful	caring	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	22	sentimental	caring	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i feel bad that my friend told me she was coming to see me
10	22	prepared	caring	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i thought my was coming into my apartment last night
8	22	jealous	caring	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
13	22	annoyed	caring	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	22	proud	caring	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my sister told me she was coming to see me
7	22	sad	caring	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was upset to see my friend me she was coming to see me
28	22	content	caring	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
15	22	ashamed	caring	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am having to stay with me while he is coming to see me
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so glad someone is coming to see me
0	22	sentimental	caring	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
3	17	faithful	surprised	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i was not to see my of my apartment last weekend
10	17	prepared	surprised	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	17	jealous	surprised	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	yesterday, someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was not to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am upset that my friend coming to see me
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	all my mys's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my sister told told me she was coming to see me
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	17	angry	surprised	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	when someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	17	joyful	surprised	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the the of of the is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone.
14	17	lonely	surprised	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i told my friend told me she was coming to see me
19	17	confident	surprised	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am so to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone.
20	17	furious	surprised	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	17	furious	surprised	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was invited to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i feel bad that my friend told me she was coming to see me
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i thought my was coming into my apartment last night
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was told my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
2	17	proud	surprised	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my sister told me she was coming to see me
7	17	sad	surprised	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was upset when my friend told me she was coming to see me
28	17	content	surprised	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
15	17	ashamed	surprised	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am having my my my my friend me she is coming to see me
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so that someone is coming to see me
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	25	content	anticipating	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i don't have my husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
3	25	faithful	anticipating	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	one my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
1	25	afraid	anticipating	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i feel't have my of my husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
3	4	faithful	terrified	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	one my friend's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm always to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
1	4	afraid	terrified	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	22	content	caring	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i can't stay with my husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
3	22	faithful	caring	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	one my friend's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
1	22	afraid	caring	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	17	content	surprised	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i feel't believe my of my husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
3	17	faithful	surprised	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	one my friend's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm afraid of my my apartment last weekend, she is being to see me i was being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
1	17	afraid	surprised	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last night i was coming to see me, me last night
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was being into my apartment last night
6	25	angry	anticipating	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am upset to see out of town last weekend. i told her to stay with me
28	25	content	anticipating	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have someone who breaking into my apartment last night
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i found someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	25	prepared	anticipating	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i thought someone was going into my apartment last night
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am feeling of being out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i was trying to stay with me while he is gone.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last night i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i felt bad bad someone breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i was upset to see my my last night
28	4	content	terrified	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have someone who breaking into my apartment last night
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i found someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i thought someone was going into my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am not of of my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	22	anxious	caring	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last time i told told me she was coming to see me
31	22	devastated	caring	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i felt bad when my friend told me she was coming to see me
6	22	angry	caring	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i was upset to see my friend me last weekend
28	22	content	caring	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have someone who breaking into my apartment last night
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	22	prepared	caring	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i thought someone was going into town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am not sure of my apartment last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
20	22	furious	caring	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	17	anxious	surprised	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last time i told told me she was coming to see me
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i felt bad when my friend told me she was coming to see me
6	17	angry	surprised	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i was upset to see my friend me last weekend
28	17	content	surprised	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have someone who breaking into my apartment last night
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i found someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	17	prepared	surprised	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i thought someone was going into my apartment last night
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am thinking of being out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
20	17	furious	surprised	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
20	25	furious	anticipating	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	there's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i am going to see me with me while i is coming to see me
7	25	sad	anticipating	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i am so that see that my husband's husband is going to be out of town all weekend.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the last year of school is coming to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm very of of my apartment last night
19	25	confident	anticipating	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day was coming to see me, was coming to see me
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i dont know what to see me, she is gone.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i am waiting to see out of town all weekend. i was being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
28	25	content	anticipating	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i have felt all night. i last night. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my sister told told me she was coming to see me
20	4	furious	terrified	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's really that my husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was going to see my husband's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
7	4	sad	terrified	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i am upset that see that my husband's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the last year i is coming to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
2	4	proud	terrified	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so of my my friend last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
19	4	confident	terrified	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was coming to see me, was coming to see me
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can not believe my friend told me she was coming to see me
19	4	confident	terrified	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i am waiting to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am not to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
28	4	content	terrified	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
20	22	furious	caring	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	i's t invited me of town last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i am a little of with me while he is coming to see me
7	22	sad	caring	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i am upset that see that my husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
27	22	hopeful	caring	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	last weekend i met all of my coming up last night
2	22	proud	caring	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so of my my husband's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
19	22	confident	caring	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was coming to see me, she was coming to see me
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i feel like to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
19	22	confident	caring	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i am waiting to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am not to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
28	22	content	caring	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
20	17	furious	surprised	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i am a little of town me weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
7	17	sad	surprised	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i am upset that my friend told me she was coming to see me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the last year i is coming to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
2	17	proud	surprised	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm upset with my sister is going to see me last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
19	17	confident	surprised	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was coming to see me, she was coming to see me
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i dont know what to see me, she is gone.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was worried to see my my my last weekend. i was being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am not to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
28	17	content	surprised	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was upset to see my my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i really not to see out with my husband last night
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i felt a little breaking into my apartment last night
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was a to see my friend me she was coming to see me
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i get to see out of my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my sister friend is she is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was not to see my apartment last night
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am not of of into my apartment last night
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt trusting of my friend when my husband
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i was invited to see out of town last night
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister told told she was coming to see me
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have been trying to stay into my apartment last night
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset to see my my
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am upset with my husband coming to see me
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was upset to see my my my last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i really not to see my with my husband last night
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i felt bad someone breaking into my apartment last night
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
29	4	impressed	terrified	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am not of of into my apartment last night
23	4	trusting	terrified	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt trusting of my friend told me she was coming to see me
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	4	impressed	terrified	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister told told me she was coming to see me
16	4	guilty	terrified	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset to see my my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am upset with my friend coming to see me
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my sister friend told me she was coming to see me
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was upset to see my my my my last night
12	22	excited	caring	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i really not to see me with my husband last night
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i felt bad after someone into my apartment last night
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was told me she was coming to see me
0	22	sentimental	caring	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
29	22	impressed	caring	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am jealous of my into my apartment last night
23	22	trusting	caring	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt trusting of my friend told me she was coming to see me
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	22	ashamed	caring	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	22	impressed	caring	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister told told she was coming to see me
16	22	guilty	caring	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	22	proud	caring	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset to see my my my my last night
5	22	joyful	caring	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am upset with my friend coming to see me
27	22	hopeful	caring	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my sister friend told me she was coming to see me
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was upset to see my friend me
12	17	excited	surprised	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i really thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i felt bad someone breaking into my apartment last night
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was upset to see my friend me she was coming to see me
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	17	lonely	surprised	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
29	17	impressed	surprised	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am not of of my apartment last night
23	17	trusting	surprised	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt trusting of my friend told me she was coming to see me
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	17	impressed	surprised	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister told told she was coming to see me
16	17	guilty	surprised	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i really have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	17	proud	surprised	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset to see my friend
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am upset with my friend coming to see me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my sister friend told me she was coming to see me
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so to of out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last night i was coming to see me last night i thought her to stay with me while i was gone.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a big of coming up last night and she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last night i told someone was coming into my apartment last night
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	just someone's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend told me she was coming to see me weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so annoyed by my friend to see me last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last night i was coming to see me last night i told me she was coming to see me
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last time i told someone was coming to see me last night
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so annoyed by my brother, she is coming to see me. i invited me while he is gone.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last night i was told me she was coming to see me i was coming to see me
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	22	sentimental	caring	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last time i told my friend coming to see me she was coming to see me
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so annoyed by my brother, she is coming to see me. i invited me while he is gone.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was going to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last night i was told me she was coming to see me i was coming to see me
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last time i told my friend coming to see me she was coming to see me
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i am thinking my friend coming to see me
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a coming up to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was worried to see my husband's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i was into into my apartment last night
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i am told my friend told me she was coming to see me
28	4	content	terrified	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	4	disgusted	terrified	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a new coming up my apartment my apartment last night
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was worried to see my husband's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm a bit down with my husband last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
1	4	afraid	terrified	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i was someone into my apartment last night
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i am worried my friend told me she was coming to see me
28	22	content	caring	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	22	annoyed	caring	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	22	disgusted	caring	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a new coming up my is coming to see me. is coming to see me
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was told my friend told me she was coming to see me
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	22	disappointed	caring	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i am just having to stay with me while. is gone.. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
1	22	afraid	caring	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	22	hopeful	caring	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i am grateful that my friend told me she was coming to see me
28	17	content	surprised	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm going to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	17	disgusted	surprised	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a girl coming to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was worried that my friend told me she was coming to see me
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i am just having a little with with me while he is gone.
1	17	afraid	surprised	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i was invited to a a last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so to see my friend me she is coming to see me
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i was cleaning out my apartment last night and my friend me me while he is coming to see me
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just had to stay with me while he is gone.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was spending my night my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i was going to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i was so to see my friend my my last weekend, me she was coming to see me
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	4	trusting	terrified	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was cleaning out my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i was to see my with my friend last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so that my friend told me she was coming to see me
13	22	annoyed	caring	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	22	trusting	caring	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was cleaning out my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i was to see my with my husband last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i was so mad when my friend told me she was coming to see me
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	17	trusting	surprised	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was cleaning out my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i was told my friend coming to see me last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was invited to see me
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	im not to see me
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt all was breaking into my apartment last night
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am not to of being alone
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been coming up
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am happy to see me
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was scared to see my
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am scared to see my my last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i lost someone was coming to see me
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i am m trying to be out of town all weekend
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my my friend told me she was coming to see me
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my friends are late to plans all the time.	me and was told me she was coming to see me
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was coming to see me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am scared to see my my my
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was breaking into my apartment last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
12	4	excited	terrified	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was upset to see my
27	4	hopeful	terrified	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	that someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
23	4	trusting	terrified	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt all was breaking into my apartment last night
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am not to of being alone
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been breaking into my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am glad that my friend coming to see me
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was breaking into my apartment last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am scared to see my my my last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	4	anxious	terrified	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i am not to be out of town all weekend
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
3	4	faithful	terrified	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my friends are late to plans all the time.	once my friend told me she was coming to see me
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was coming to see me
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am upset to see me
1	4	afraid	terrified	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	4	sad	terrified	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
12	22	excited	caring	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was invited to see me
27	22	hopeful	caring	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	that i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
23	22	trusting	caring	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	22	grateful	caring	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt bad was breaking into my apartment last night
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am not to be with with me
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been breaking into my apartment last night
9	22	grateful	caring	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am upset that my sister coming to see me
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was crushed when my friend coming to see me
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am scared to see my my my last night
14	22	lonely	caring	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i told told me she was coming to see me
26	22	anxious	caring	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i am not to be out of town all weekend
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
3	22	faithful	caring	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	22	annoyed	caring	my friends are late to plans all the time.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was coming to see me
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am grateful to see me
1	22	afraid	caring	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i felt all was breaking into my apartment last night
7	22	sad	caring	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
12	17	excited	surprised	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was upset to see me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	that someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
23	17	trusting	surprised	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	17	grateful	surprised	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt bad was breaking into my apartment last night
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am not of being into my apartment
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been breaking into my apartment last night
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am upset that my sister coming to see me
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was upset when my friend
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was scared to see my my last night
14	17	lonely	surprised	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i told told me she was coming to see me
26	17	anxious	surprised	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i am not to be out of town all weekend
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
3	17	faithful	surprised	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my friends are late to plans all the time.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was coming to see me
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am upset to see me
1	17	afraid	surprised	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i felt all was breaking into my apartment last night
7	17	sad	surprised	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	someone told my friend me she was coming to see me
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was out of town all night. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my sister was told me she was coming to see me
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my sister was coming to see me
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was driving into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my sister told told me she was coming to see me
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend told me she was coming to see me
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my sister told me she was coming to see me
16	4	guilty	terrified	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was cleaning out of my apartment last night, i told me she was coming to see me
8	22	jealous	caring	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my sister told told me she was coming to see me
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	22	proud	caring	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend told me she was coming to see me
27	22	hopeful	caring	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my sister told me she was coming to see me
16	22	guilty	caring	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was walking into my apartment last night and my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	17	jealous	surprised	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my sister told told me she was coming to see me
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	17	proud	surprised	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my sister told me she was coming to see me
16	17	guilty	surprised	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was told my was coming into my apartment last night
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	once a friend told me she was coming to see me
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so to see me
6	25	angry	anticipating	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't my friend is coming to see me
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	25	impressed	anticipating	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so to see my my my husband
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was upset to see my my
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i feel not to see me
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i got an award coming into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	4	impressed	terrified	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	when someone told me she was coming to see me
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so that my friend coming to see me
6	4	angry	terrified	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't my friend is coming to see me
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	4	impressed	terrified	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am upset that my friend coming to see me
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was upset to see my my apartment last night
31	4	devastated	terrified	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i feel not to see me
2	4	proud	terrified	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	22	impressed	caring	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so that my friend coming to see me
6	22	angry	caring	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	22	jealous	caring	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	sometimes i can see someone is coming to see me
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	22	impressed	caring	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	22	joyful	caring	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so my sister coming to see me
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was upset to see my my apartment last night
31	22	devastated	caring	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
0	22	sentimental	caring	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i feel not to see me
2	22	proud	caring	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
21	22	disappointed	caring	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	17	impressed	surprised	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so that my friend told me she was coming to see me
6	17	angry	surprised	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	17	jealous	surprised	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't my friend is coming to see me
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	17	impressed	surprised	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am upset that my friend coming to see me
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was upset to see my my
31	17	devastated	surprised	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i feel not that someone is my into my apartment last night
2	17	proud	surprised	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	25	content	anticipating	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	25	proud	anticipating	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i felt all was breaking into my apartment last night
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i was invited to see my apartment last night
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	last time my friend told me she was coming to see me
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was breaking into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt trusting when my friend coming to see me
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was breaking into my apartment last night
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so that see all of my apartment last night
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's going to be out of town all weekend.
28	4	content	terrified	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt trusting when my friend told me she was coming to see me
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so mad that my is coming to see me
31	4	devastated	terrified	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's always to see me
28	22	content	caring	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	22	proud	caring	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	22	embarrassed	caring	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt trusting when my friend told me she was coming to see me
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so that someone is breaking into my apartment last night
31	22	devastated	caring	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	22	prepared	caring	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's husband is going to be out of town all weekend.
28	17	content	surprised	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	17	proud	surprised	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	17	lonely	surprised	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt trusting when my friend told me she was coming to see me
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so that someone is breaking into my apartment last night
31	17	devastated	surprised	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	17	prepared	surprised	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's husband is going to be out of town all weekend.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	i had to stay with me while last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i thought my friend was coming to see me last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
28	25	content	anticipating	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	i had someone stay with my apartment all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have been working coming up to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	i was to stay with me while last night. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
2	4	proud	terrified	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i thought my friend was coming to see me last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
28	4	content	terrified	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	i just had out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have someone stay with me while last night. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	i was invited to stay with me while last night. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
2	22	proud	caring	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i thought my friend was coming to see me last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
28	22	content	caring	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	i recently had to stay with me while he is gone.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have someone was coming into my apartment last night
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	i was invited to stay with me while he is gone.
2	17	proud	surprised	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i thought my friend was coming to see me last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
28	17	content	surprised	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	recently someone's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have someone was coming into my apartment last night
20	25	furious	anticipating	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	a friend told me she was coming to see me
12	25	excited	anticipating	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i have to see a with a few of town last night
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	last weekend someone was coming into my apartment last night
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	25	impressed	anticipating	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	after my was coming to see me she was coming to see me
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a test coming up
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	last night told me she was coming to see me
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	last week my friend told me she was coming to see me
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i thought my friend was coming to see me
2	25	proud	anticipating	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am so my sister coming to see me. weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
28	25	content	anticipating	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am very with my my my husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	last weekend i was coming to see me. i was coming to see me
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i was invited to see my apartment last night
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am not with with with my husband is coming to see me
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i was coming into my apartment last night
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	4	impressed	terrified	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	a friend told me she was coming to see me
12	4	excited	terrified	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	4	disgusted	terrified	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	last my friend told me she was coming to see me
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	4	impressed	terrified	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	after my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	4	proud	terrified	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my sister told told me she was coming to see me
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	4	anxious	terrified	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	the time my friend told me she was coming to see me
26	4	anxious	terrified	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am jealous of my friend coming to see me weekend. me she was coming to see me
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm always to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
28	4	content	terrified	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am grateful with my husband and me she is coming to see me
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the last night i told me she was coming to see me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am not with with me while he is coming to see me
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i was coming into my apartment last night
29	4	impressed	terrified	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	22	impressed	caring	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	a friend told me she was coming to see me
12	22	excited	caring	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	22	disgusted	caring	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	last my friend told me she was coming to see me
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	22	impressed	caring	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	after my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	22	proud	caring	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my sister told told me she was coming to see me
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a test coming up
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	22	grateful	caring	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	22	disgusted	caring	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	22	anxious	caring	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	last week my friend told me she was coming to see me
26	22	anxious	caring	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i thought my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	22	proud	caring	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am so my sister is coming to see me
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm not to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
28	22	content	caring	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am happy with my husband and me she is coming to see me
30	22	apprehensive	caring	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the last night i told me she was coming to see me
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	22	prepared	caring	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	22	grateful	caring	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am not with with me while he is coming to see me
27	22	hopeful	caring	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i was coming into my apartment last night
29	22	impressed	caring	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	17	furious	surprised	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	17	impressed	surprised	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my my friend told me she was coming to see me
12	17	excited	surprised	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	17	disgusted	surprised	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	last my friend told me she was coming to see me
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	17	impressed	surprised	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	after my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	17	proud	surprised	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my sister told told she was coming to see me
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	17	grateful	surprised	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	17	anxious	surprised	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
26	17	anxious	surprised	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i thought my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	17	proud	surprised	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am upset that my sister is coming to see me
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm always to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
28	17	content	surprised	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am grateful with my husband and me she is coming to see me
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	last night i told someone was coming to see me. i was being alone.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am not with with my husband is coming to see me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i was into into my apartment last night
29	17	impressed	surprised	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel like that my with my husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	25	devastated	anticipating	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a lot of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was out of town all night and my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	25	sad	anticipating	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i have someone who breaking into my apartment last night
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was out of town all night and found out she was coming to see me. i was gone.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	all my friends have been coming up is coming to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel like someone is breaking into my apartment last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	4	devastated	terrified	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a friend of me she was coming to see me. she is gone.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	4	sad	terrified	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was out of my apartment last night and someone told me she was coming to see me
7	4	sad	terrified	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	last weekend my sister is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel bad that my friend is coming to be me me weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
13	22	annoyed	caring	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was told me she was coming to see me
31	22	devastated	caring	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a friend of me she was coming to see me. she is gone.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	22	sad	caring	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was out of my apartment last night and found someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	22	sad	caring	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	last weekend my husband's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel bad that my friend told me she is coming to see me. she is gone.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was told me she was coming to see me
31	17	devastated	surprised	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	once was a out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	17	sad	surprised	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was out of my apartment last night and i told me she was coming to see me
7	17	sad	surprised	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	one of my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i felt all alone yesterday	i was breaking into my apartment last night
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i fell bad about myself	i was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	i felt all alone yesterday	i was breaking into my apartment last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	i fell bad about myself	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	i felt all alone yesterday	i felt all alone
16	22	guilty	caring	i fell bad about myself	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	17	lonely	surprised	i felt all alone yesterday	i was breaking into my apartment last night
16	17	guilty	surprised	i fell bad about myself	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	25	trusting	anticipating	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way of is is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was invited to see my apartment last night
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was told me she was coming to see me
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	before my was coming to see me, was coming to see me
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the site i have a subscription coming up coming up is coming to see me. i invited me to stay with me while he is gone.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i felt so bad when my husband and she was being into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just bought a a into my apartment last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	4	trusting	terrified	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
7	4	sad	terrified	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
21	4	disappointed	terrified	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way of s is is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was told told me she was coming to see me
15	4	ashamed	terrified	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	while my was was coming to see me, was coming to see me
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	4	anxious	terrified	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the site i have a subscription coming to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i felt bad when my friend told me she was coming to see me
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	22	trusting	caring	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
7	22	sad	caring	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
21	22	disappointed	caring	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way of is is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	22	grateful	caring	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was told told me she was coming to see me
15	22	ashamed	caring	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	while my was told me she was coming to see me
13	22	annoyed	caring	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	22	anxious	caring	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	one of my husband's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i felt bad when my friend told me she was coming to see me
14	22	lonely	caring	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just bought a a of town last night. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	17	trusting	surprised	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
7	17	sad	surprised	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
21	17	disappointed	surprised	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way my husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i thought my friend was coming to see me
15	17	ashamed	surprised	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	17	anxious	surprised	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	one my husband's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i felt bad when my friend told me she was coming to see me
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i wish i had my mother back!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	came home to find my leftovers gone	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am going to see my my
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i used to play football in high school	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was lebron james.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	25	angry	anticipating	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son just started walking this week.	my sister just was coming to see me
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like person who are honestly with me	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat vomited on my rug today	my my friend told me she was coming to see me
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am scared to see my last night
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	looking through my old yearbook the other day	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am happy to see out
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust president trump all the way.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	i wish i had my mother back!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	4	disappointed	terrified	came home to find my leftovers gone	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am not to see my my apartment last night
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i used to play football in high school	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was lebron james.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	my son just started walking this week.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
0	4	sentimental	terrified	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like person who are honestly with me	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat vomited on my rug today	my my friend told me she was coming to see me
12	4	excited	terrified	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am scared to see my my last night
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	looking through my old yearbook the other day	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am upset that see see my
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust president trump all the way.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	i wish i had my mother back!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	22	disappointed	caring	came home to find my leftovers gone	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am not to see my my
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i used to play football in high school	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was lebron james.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	22	proud	caring	my son just started walking this week.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
0	22	sentimental	caring	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	22	devastated	caring	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
23	22	trusting	caring	i like person who are honestly with me	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	my cat vomited on my rug today	my my friend told me she was coming to see me
12	22	excited	caring	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am upset to see out of town last night
18	22	nostalgic	caring	looking through my old yearbook the other day	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am upset that see see my
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust president trump all the way.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	22	ashamed	caring	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	17	lonely	surprised	i wish i had my mother back!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	17	disappointed	surprised	came home to find my leftovers gone	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am upset to see my my
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i used to play football in high school	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was lebron james.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	17	angry	surprised	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	17	proud	surprised	my son just started walking this week.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
0	17	sentimental	surprised	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like person who are honestly with me	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat vomited on my rug today	my my friend told me she was coming to see me
12	17	excited	surprised	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am upset that the into my apartment last night
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	looking through my old yearbook the other day	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am upset that see see my
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust president trump all the way.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was a little of into my apartment last night
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	there is of of of is going to see me weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	25	content	anticipating	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am feeling to be out of town all weekend. i hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i told told me she was coming to see me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have to stay with me while last night
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was invited to see my apartment last night
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was breaking into my apartment last night
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	4	disgusted	terrified	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	everytime of my husband's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am not to of with with my last night. i invited me to stay with me while he is gone.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	4	jealous	terrified	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i told told me she was coming to see me
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have to stay with me while last night
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was breaking into my apartment last night
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	22	disgusted	caring	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	everytime of my husband's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
16	22	guilty	caring	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	22	content	caring	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am feeling with being out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	22	jealous	caring	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i told told me she was coming to see me
10	22	prepared	caring	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have to stay with me while last night. i invited me to see me
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was breaking into my apartment last night
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	17	disgusted	surprised	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	everytime my friend told me she was coming to see me
16	17	guilty	surprised	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	17	content	surprised	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am not with being out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	17	jealous	surprised	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i told told me she was coming to see me
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
10	22	prepared	caring	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	it was my my my my my was told me she was coming to see me
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	one my friend told me she was coming to see me me
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm very to see me while she is coming to see me
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	when someone was told me my husband me she was coming to see me
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	one my friend told me she was coming to see me
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm glad to see me last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
21	22	disappointed	caring	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	when someone was told me she was coming to see me
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm very upset with my husband's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm glad to see my of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
6	25	angry	anticipating	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	i someone someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my sister told me she was coming to see me
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	25	content	anticipating	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	before my friend told me she was coming to see me
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i was into into my apartment last night
20	25	furious	anticipating	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	one time my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	someone someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	4	devastated	terrified	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my sister told me she was coming to see me
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
16	4	guilty	terrified	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i was into into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	one time my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i was breaking into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	someone at my of my my my my last night, she is being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
31	22	devastated	caring	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my sister told me she was coming to see me
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	22	content	caring	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
16	22	guilty	caring	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i was into into my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	one time my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i thought my friend was coming to see me
14	22	lonely	caring	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i was breaking into my apartment last night
6	17	angry	surprised	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	one of my friends told me she was coming to see me while he is gone.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	17	content	surprised	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
16	17	guilty	surprised	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i was into into my apartment last night
20	17	furious	surprised	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	one time my friend told me she was coming to see me
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i thought my friend was coming to see me
14	17	lonely	surprised	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i met someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i was breaking into my apartment last night
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am getting into my apartment last weekend. i told being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	sometimes i told my friend told me she was coming to see me. i invited me me while he is gone.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was out of town all night. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was invited to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
19	4	confident	terrified	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am thinking my was coming to see me last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
8	4	jealous	terrified	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	sometimes i told my friend told me she was coming to see me. i invited me me while he is gone.
9	4	grateful	terrified	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	4	proud	terrified	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was told my was coming into my apartment last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	22	confident	caring	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am thinking about my coming up i was going to see me last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
8	22	jealous	caring	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	when someone told me she was coming to see me me
9	22	grateful	caring	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	22	proud	caring	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was told my was coming into my apartment last night
16	22	guilty	caring	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	17	confident	surprised	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am thinking my husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
8	17	jealous	surprised	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
9	17	grateful	surprised	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
2	17	proud	surprised	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was told my was coming into my apartment last night
16	17	guilty	surprised	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i am having a diet coming up. i just being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i am not having to see me.. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i am having a hard coming up i just told me she is coming to see me. i invited me to stay with me while he is gone.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i am having to stay with me while i is gone... i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i was told my of my my husband last weekend and she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
12	4	excited	terrified	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i was told my friend of me she was coming to see me
12	22	excited	caring	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i was told my friend of me she was coming to see me
12	17	excited	surprised	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i was told my friend told me she was coming to see me
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've been going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've been working out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've been working out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've been working out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son took his first steps.	my sister was coming to see me
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i looked through an old photo album	i was breaking into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	me and my girlfriend broke up.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss my times in college.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i got a scholarship for college.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
10	4	prepared	terrified	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	my son took his first steps.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i looked through an old photo album	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	me and my girlfriend broke up.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss my times in college.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	i got a scholarship for college.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	22	nostalgic	caring	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
10	22	prepared	caring	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	22	proud	caring	my son took his first steps.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i looked through an old photo album	i was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	me and my girlfriend broke up.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss my times in college.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	22	joyful	caring	i got a scholarship for college.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
10	17	prepared	surprised	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	17	proud	surprised	my son took his first steps.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i looked through an old photo album	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	17	lonely	surprised	me and my girlfriend broke up.	when someone was breaking into my apartment last night
20	17	furious	surprised	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss my times in college.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	17	joyful	surprised	i got a scholarship for college.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i was coming to see me, was coming to see me
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was told me she was coming to see me
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i told told me she was coming to see me
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i told told me she was coming to see me
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i told told me she was coming to see me
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	there was a lot of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	there was s a of of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	there was a lot of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	it was s hard to see me of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i was coming to see me last night. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i told someone was coming to see me last night. i told me she was gone.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i told someone was coming to see me. i was being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i told someone was coming to see me. weekend. me me while he was gone.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was going to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was invited to see out of town last weekend. i told her to stay with me while he is gone.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i have to stay with me while he is coming to see me. i invited me while he is gone.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last night i was told me she was coming to see me. i invited me while he was gone.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i have to stay with me while he is coming to see me. i invited me while he is gone.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last night i was told me she was coming to see me. i was gone.
20	22	furious	caring	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	22	confident	caring	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	22	annoyed	caring	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i have to stay with me while he is gone.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last night i was told me she was coming to see me. i invited me me while he was gone.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last night i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i was told my friend coming to see me she was coming to see me
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	once i was coming to see me last night and told me she was coming to see me
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was coming to see me, me while i was coming to see me
7	25	sad	anticipating	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been trying to stay with me while he is gone.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	once i told someone was coming into my apartment last night
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was told me she was coming to see me
7	4	sad	terrified	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been working with with my husband all night. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	once i was told me she was coming to see me
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was told me she was coming to see me
7	22	sad	caring	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been working with with my husband all night. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	once, i was told me she was coming to see me
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was told me she was coming to see me
7	17	sad	surprised	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been working out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my sister told told me she was coming to see me. was coming to see me
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my sister told told she was coming to see me she was coming to see me
21	22	disappointed	caring	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my sister told told she was coming to see me. was coming to see me
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my sister told told she was coming to see me she was coming to see me
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	someone was into my apartment last night
6	25	angry	anticipating	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i got a dog of with with my while my husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my my sister was coming to see me last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
6	4	angry	terrified	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i got a dog of with with my while my husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my my sister was coming to see me last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
6	22	angry	caring	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i got a dog of with with my while he was coming to see me. he is gone.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my my sister was coming to see me last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
6	17	angry	surprised	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i got someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my sister told me she was coming to see me. was coming to see me
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my sister told me she was coming to see me. was coming to see me
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my sister told me she was coming to see me. was coming to see me
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was younger, my husband told me she was coming to see me. i invited me while he is gone.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was told me she was coming to see me. i invited me while he is gone.
31	22	devastated	caring	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was told me she was coming to see me. i invited me while he is gone.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was told me she was coming to see me. i invited me while he is gone.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am jealous of my of my apartment last night
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my my friend is coming to see me
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am a little of coming up
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so to see out of town my husband last night
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was invited into a apartment last night
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was breaking into my apartment last night
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am happy with my husband and she is coming to see me
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	while someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i am so to see my husband and she is gone
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was breaking into my apartment last night
31	25	devastated	anticipating	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	last night my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	25	sad	anticipating	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	before my friend told me she was coming to see me
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was invited to see me last night
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was told someone was coming into my apartment last night
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt a little breaking into my apartment last night
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
1	25	afraid	anticipating	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last night i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy to see my my husband me she was coming to see me
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was breaking into my apartment last night
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i felt all was coming into my apartment last night
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	i was invited to see me last night
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	last night i told someone was coming into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am jealous of my friend of me she is coming to see me
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my friend is coming to see me
2	4	proud	terrified	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my sister told told me she was coming to see me
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am a little of into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so to see me while my husband is me
6	4	angry	terrified	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a into my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was cleaning out my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am happy with my friend me she is coming to see me
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	while someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was very to see my friend me she was coming to see me
20	4	furious	terrified	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was breaking into my apartment last night
31	4	devastated	terrified	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	last night my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	4	sad	terrified	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	last night, someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	4	anxious	terrified	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt bad bad someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt bad last night
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
1	4	afraid	terrified	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last night i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was upset to see my friend me she was coming to see me
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was breaking into my apartment last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i felt all was breaking into my apartment last night
31	4	devastated	terrified	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	22	jealous	caring	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am jealous of my my friend, she is coming to see me
21	22	disappointed	caring	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my friend is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone
2	22	proud	caring	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
1	22	afraid	caring	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am a little of into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so to see me my husband is me
6	22	angry	caring	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a into my apartment last night
5	22	joyful	caring	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was breaking into my apartment last night
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am happy with my husband and me she is coming to see me
30	22	apprehensive	caring	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	when someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	22	joyful	caring	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was very to see my friend me she was coming to see me
20	22	furious	caring	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was breaking into my apartment last night
31	22	devastated	caring	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	last night my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	22	sad	caring	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	last night, someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	22	anxious	caring	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt bad bad someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	22	proud	caring	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	22	content	caring	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt bad last night
27	22	hopeful	caring	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
1	22	afraid	caring	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last night i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was upset to see my husband
29	22	impressed	caring	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was breaking into my apartment last night
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i felt all was breaking into my apartment last night
31	22	devastated	caring	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	22	disappointed	caring	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am jealous of my friend of me she is coming to see me
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my friend is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone
2	17	proud	surprised	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my sister told me she was coming to see me
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am a little friend coming to see me
14	17	lonely	surprised	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so my friend coming to see me
6	17	angry	surprised	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a little into my apartment last night
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was cleaning out my apartment last night
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am happy with my friend me she is coming to see me
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	when someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was very to see my friend me she was coming to see me
20	17	furious	surprised	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	17	devastated	surprised	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	last night my friend told me she was coming to see me
7	17	sad	surprised	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	last night, my friend told me she was coming to see me
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	17	anxious	surprised	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt bad was breaking into my apartment last night
2	17	proud	surprised	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt bad when my friend coming me she was coming to see me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
1	17	afraid	surprised	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	when someone told me she was coming to see me
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was upset to see my husband
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was breaking into my apartment last night
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i felt all was breaking into my apartment last night
31	17	devastated	surprised	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
10	4	prepared	terrified	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
10	22	prepared	caring	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
10	17	prepared	surprised	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	25	angry	anticipating	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i've been working out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i have to stay with my husband last night. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	once, someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i've been working out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	22	guilty	caring	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	once, someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	22	sentimental	caring	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i've been working out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	17	guilty	surprised	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	17	angry	surprised	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	yesterday, someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i've been told my husband all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
3	25	faithful	anticipating	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	recently my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
3	4	faithful	terrified	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	one my friend told me she was coming to see me me
3	22	faithful	caring	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	one my friend's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
3	17	faithful	surprised	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	one my friend told me she was coming to see me me
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	i recently someone was coming into my apartment last night
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	i saw someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	i saw someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
6	25	angry	anticipating	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't stay with me while she is coming
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i was being out of town all night
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i was breaking into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i am so with being coming to see me
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's husband is going to be out of town all weekend.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i feel that someone is breaking into my apartment last night
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	a friend told me she was coming to see me
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was invited to see me
16	25	guilty	anticipating	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i ate up was breaking into my apartment last night
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
1	25	afraid	anticipating	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a to see me
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	25	proud	anticipating	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i am not to see my apartment last night
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was happy to see me
7	25	sad	anticipating	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	4	trusting	terrified	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't know someone is coming to see me
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	when someone told me she was coming to see me
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i am so to see out of town all weekend. she is being alone
31	4	devastated	terrified	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	4	trusting	terrified	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was breaking into my apartment last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
1	4	afraid	terrified	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am not to see me last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i felt bad someone breaking into my apartment last night
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was upset to see my husband
7	4	sad	terrified	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	22	trusting	caring	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	22	ashamed	caring	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	22	apprehensive	caring	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	when someone told me she was coming to see me
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i was very to see my of my apartment last night
31	22	devastated	caring	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
30	22	apprehensive	caring	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	22	hopeful	caring	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	22	trusting	caring	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was invited to see me
16	22	guilty	caring	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	22	jealous	caring	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
1	22	afraid	caring	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	22	anxious	caring	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a to see me
14	22	lonely	caring	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	22	proud	caring	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i felt bad someone breaking into my apartment last night
26	22	anxious	caring	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was thankful to see me
7	22	sad	caring	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	17	angry	surprised	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	17	trusting	surprised	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	when someone told me she was coming to see me
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i was very to see my of my apartment last night
31	17	devastated	surprised	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend told me she was coming to see me
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	17	trusting	surprised	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was told me was coming to see me
16	17	guilty	surprised	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	17	jealous	surprised	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	17	lonely	surprised	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
1	17	afraid	surprised	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	when i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am so to see me
14	17	lonely	surprised	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	17	proud	surprised	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i felt trusting of breaking my my apartment last night
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was thankful to see me
7	17	sad	surprised	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i told told me she was coming to see me
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i was working into my apartment last night
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have been working hard coming to see me. i invited me last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	i thought my friend was coming to see me
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i was someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm going to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday i told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was going to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i was to stay out my apartment last night
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	was was into my apartment last night
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am not with with with my husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	25	impressed	anticipating	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a friend told me she was coming to see me
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at at the last night and she told me she was coming to see me
19	4	confident	terrified	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i told told me she was coming to see me
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have to stay with my husband last night. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm going to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday someone told me she was coming to see me
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	when was was coming to see me last weekend. she was coming to see me
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am not of of with my apartment last night
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	4	impressed	terrified	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a friend told me she was coming to see me
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at at my apartment last night and someone told me she was coming to see me
19	22	confident	caring	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i told told me she was coming to see me
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was not to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
19	22	confident	caring	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have been working very hard of my husband. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
8	22	jealous	caring	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	22	impressed	caring	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm going to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
15	22	ashamed	caring	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday, someone told me she was coming to see me
27	22	hopeful	caring	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was told someone was coming into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	22	prepared	caring	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	when was was coming to see me last weekend me she was coming to see me
21	22	disappointed	caring	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am not of of with my apartment last night
27	22	hopeful	caring	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	22	impressed	caring	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	one of my friend told me she was coming to see me
30	22	apprehensive	caring	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at at my apartment last night and someone told me she was coming to see me
19	17	confident	surprised	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i told told me she was coming to see me
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was not to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have faith my friend coming to see me i was coming to see me
8	17	jealous	surprised	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm going to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	when someone told me she was coming to see me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was told someone was coming into my apartment last night
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	17	prepared	surprised	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	when was was coming to see me
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am jealous of my of town last weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	17	impressed	surprised	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	one my friend told me she was coming to see me
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the store and my husband and me she was coming to see me
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have to stay with me last night
28	25	content	anticipating	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i was very to see my husband last weekend. she hates being alone.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i am going to be out of town all weekend. i am being alone
28	25	content	anticipating	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i was invited to see out of town last night
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	25	content	anticipating	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy to see me last weekend. she is being alone
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am going to see me with me while he is coming to see me
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i had a night coming into my apartment last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little my my my husband me she was coming to see me
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i felt so bad my husband told me she was coming to see me
10	4	prepared	terrified	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy to see me while he is gone.
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am grateful to see me with me while he is gone.
28	4	content	terrified	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	4	sad	terrified	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little my my my friend me she was coming to see me
8	4	jealous	terrified	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
14	4	lonely	terrified	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	4	sad	terrified	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	22	grateful	caring	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	i someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	22	prepared	caring	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	22	content	caring	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i felt so bad my husband told me she was coming to see me
10	22	prepared	caring	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i thought someone was coming into my apartment last night
28	22	content	caring	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	22	guilty	caring	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	22	content	caring	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy to see me
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am grateful to see me with me while he is coming to see me
28	22	content	caring	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	22	sad	caring	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little my my my friend me she was coming to see me
8	22	jealous	caring	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
14	22	lonely	caring	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	22	sad	caring	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	17	angry	surprised	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	17	content	surprised	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i felt so bad when my husband told me she was coming to see me
10	17	prepared	surprised	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	17	content	surprised	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	17	guilty	surprised	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	17	content	surprised	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy my sister is coming to see me
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am grateful to see me she is coming to see me
28	17	content	surprised	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	17	sad	surprised	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was upset to see my husband me she was coming to see me
8	17	jealous	surprised	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
14	17	lonely	surprised	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	17	sad	surprised	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when my friend told me she was coming to see me
6	25	angry	anticipating	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my sister's husband is going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was going to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was out with my last night and she told me she was coming to see me me while he is gone.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i was invited to see me with me while i was coming to see me
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was coming into a apartment last night
6	25	angry	anticipating	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i had someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my sister told me she was coming to see me
23	4	trusting	terrified	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was going to see out of town all night. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was out of town all night and she told her to stay with me while he is gone.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i have someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my sister told me she was coming to see me
23	22	trusting	caring	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was going to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
20	22	furious	caring	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was out into my apartment last night and she told me she was coming to see me. i me me while he is gone.
9	22	grateful	caring	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	22	devastated	caring	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was breaking into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i had someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
12	22	excited	caring	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	22	guilty	caring	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	17	angry	surprised	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my sister told me she was coming to see me
23	17	trusting	surprised	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was going to see out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was told someone was breaking into my apartment last night
9	17	grateful	surprised	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was breaking into my apartment last night
6	17	angry	surprised	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i was someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so to be out of town all weekend. she hates being alone. i invited her to stay with me while he is gone.
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
