28	17	content	surprised	lifes going good right now	life is going good before a days before my birthday birthday.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i became a dad today.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
31	17	devastated	surprised	my favorite fish died : (	my my birthday birthday before my birthday birthday.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have a test test coming up.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i was ready for my exams	i was so ready for my birthday.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am terrified of clows	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	when my child lied to me	when my car gets to it gets me a
24	17	disgusted	surprised	donald trump makes me sick.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
29	17	impressed	surprised	the teeth of some patients!	i at the grocery store and there is a huge
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared walking home alone	i was so ready for thanksgiving.
20	17	furious	surprised	they through thinner on my car	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
7	17	sad	surprised	i watched a depressing movie	i loved a loud in last week
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife so much	i keep all of my stuff animals.
2	17	proud	surprised	my husband got a promotion!	my birthday was before a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i pray for better days.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
28	4	content	terrified	lifes going good right now	life is going good before a days before my birthday birthday.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i became a dad today.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
31	4	devastated	terrified	my favorite fish died : (	my my birthday birthday before my birthday birthday.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an exam tomorrow.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
10	4	prepared	terrified	i was ready for my exams	i was so ready for my birthday.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am terrified of clows	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	when my child lied to me	when my car gets to it gets me a
24	4	disgusted	terrified	donald trump makes me sick.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
29	4	impressed	terrified	the teeth of some patients!	i keep all of my stuff animals.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared walking home alone	i was so ready for thanksgiving.
20	4	furious	terrified	they through thinner on my car	i keep taking care of my sisters pet last week
7	4	sad	terrified	i watched a depressing movie	i loved a loud in on the last week
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife so much	i keep all of my stuff animals.
2	4	proud	terrified	my husband got a promotion!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i pray for better days.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
28	22	content	caring	lifes going good right now	life is going good before my birthday.
9	22	grateful	caring	i became a dad today.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
31	22	devastated	caring	my favorite fish died : (	my my birthday birthday before my birthday birthday.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have a test test coming up.
10	22	prepared	caring	i was ready for my exams	i was ready for my birthday.
1	22	afraid	caring	i am terrified of clows	i am so of of my sisters birthday.
21	22	disappointed	caring	when my child lied to me	when my car gets to a few from from my property, i was pretty scared
24	22	disgusted	caring	donald trump makes me sick.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
29	22	impressed	caring	the teeth of some patients!	i keep all of my stuff animals.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared walking home alone	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
20	22	furious	caring	they through thinner on my car	i keep taking care of my sisters pet last week
7	22	sad	caring	i watched a depressing movie	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife so much	i keep all of my stuff animals.
2	22	proud	caring	my husband got a promotion!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
27	22	hopeful	caring	i pray for better days.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
28	25	content	anticipating	lifes going good right now	life is going good before a days before my birthday birthday.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i became a dad today.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my favorite fish died : (	my birthday is before my birthday birthday.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have a test test coming up.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i was ready for my exams	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am terrified of clows	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	when my child lied to me	when my car gets back to my birthday.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	donald trump makes me sick.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the teeth of some patients!	i at the grocery store and there is a
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared walking home alone	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
20	25	furious	anticipating	they through thinner on my car	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
7	25	sad	anticipating	i watched a depressing movie	i loved a loud in on the last week
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife so much	i keep all of my stuff animals.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my husband got a promotion!	my birthday was before a cruise for us next week. she told me today
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i pray for better days.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
26	17	anxious	surprised	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i really't pass my i have to a. on vacation
10	17	prepared	surprised	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
28	17	content	surprised	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
8	17	jealous	surprised	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	when a tornado was last week. my parents and best friend
19	17	confident	surprised	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	it gets it the way before a even though my a..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a friend for a whole
19	17	confident	surprised	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
9	17	grateful	surprised	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	it was three days before my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared
12	17	excited	surprised	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i don't pass my if i is going to really. me a
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i wanted to take my my i don about him. i i really cared
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a whole trip to help.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so hopeful i i to a a a in on feetos
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i offered a big review from my and, and i was pretty scared
10	17	prepared	surprised	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	for tax season before i heard a ton of the way.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i've been taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
10	17	prepared	surprised	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a tornadoen in my neighborhood. i really scared
26	4	anxious	terrified	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i really't pass my i have to a trip to coming up.
10	4	prepared	terrified	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
28	4	content	terrified	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
8	4	jealous	terrified	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
19	4	confident	terrified	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	it made the way to the texas even though i a a
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a friend for a whole
19	4	confident	terrified	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
9	4	grateful	terrified	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	it was three days before my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared
12	4	excited	terrified	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i dont t have a week. my parents and i really hopeful a lot
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i wanted to take my my i don about him. i i really cared
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a whole trip to help.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so scared i i to a a a in on two feet
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
10	4	prepared	terrified	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	for tax season before there were a ton of the way.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i heard a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i've been taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
10	4	prepared	terrified	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was three days before my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared
26	22	anxious	caring	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i really wanted the way to texas even though its a started to.
10	22	prepared	caring	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
28	22	content	caring	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
8	22	jealous	caring	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	when a tornado tornado down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
19	22	confident	caring	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
0	22	sentimental	caring	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a friend on care of my parents
19	22	confident	caring	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
9	22	grateful	caring	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i was pretty scared
12	22	excited	caring	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i dont know if i have a best in in my.. i don't
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i wanted to take my my i don about him. i i really cared
27	22	hopeful	caring	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
26	22	anxious	caring	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so scared i i to a a to my even though i a
21	22	disappointed	caring	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
10	22	prepared	caring	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	for tax season this year there was a snake in on the..
27	22	hopeful	caring	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i've been taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
10	22	prepared	caring	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a tornado bang in my neighborhood. i thought someone was trying to kill to
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i don't pass my my if i is going to really affect me.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	when a tornado was last week. my parents and friend told me a thing
19	25	confident	anticipating	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	it made the way to texas even though its a started to.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a friend for us without telling me a
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	it was three days before my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i dont know if i have a good in my.. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i wanted to pass my my i i i i i i was a
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a whole trip to help.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so scared i i to a a to the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i offered a big review from my. and i told him a news!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	for tax season before a tornado started telling me a trip to
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my husband gets back from a month long trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i've been taking care of my friend's last week
10	25	prepared	anticipating	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was three days before my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared
28	17	content	surprised	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am so of my sisters birthday.
28	17	content	surprised	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
12	17	excited	surprised	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am so ready for my.
7	17	sad	surprised	when i had to get rid of my animals	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
12	17	excited	surprised	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	i offered to take care of my sisters pet.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have no friends at my new job.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
5	17	joyful	surprised	it's been such a terrific week!	it's been three days before my birthday birthday.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so of my sisters pet.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a test in a month from now	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i loved the last before my started drunk.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend gets back from my job, i was pretty scared
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just cleaned the sale door and there was a snake on on sale.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all the material for the exam.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
16	17	guilty	surprised	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really really cared!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so ready for my to my even though
28	17	content	surprised	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm taking care of my sisters pet last week
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was my sisters drunk.
28	4	content	terrified	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am so of my sisters birthday.
28	4	content	terrified	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
12	4	excited	terrified	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
7	4	sad	terrified	when i had to get rid of my animals	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
12	4	excited	terrified	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	it is three days before my birthday birthday.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have no friends at my new job.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
5	4	joyful	terrified	it's been such a terrific week!	it's been three days before my birthday birthday.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so of my sisters pet.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a test in a month from now	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i loved the last before my drunk drunk.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend gets back from my job, i was pretty scared
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just cleaned the bathroom door and to my friend drunk
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all the material for the exam.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
16	4	guilty	terrified	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	i in the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really shocked
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so ready for my to my birthday.
28	4	content	terrified	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm taking care of my sisters pet last week
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish the way before my birthday..
28	22	content	caring	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am so of my sisters birthday.
28	22	content	caring	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
12	22	excited	caring	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am so ready for my.
7	22	sad	caring	when i had to get rid of my animals	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	a tornado offered back my my friend recently, i was pretty scared
12	22	excited	caring	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	i offered to take care of my sisters pet.
14	22	lonely	caring	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have no friends at my new job.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
5	22	joyful	caring	it's been such a terrific week!	it's been three days before my birthday birthday.
12	22	excited	caring	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
29	22	impressed	caring	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so of my sisters pet.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a test in a month from now	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
19	22	confident	caring	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
23	22	trusting	caring	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend gets back from my job, i was pretty scared
24	22	disgusted	caring	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just cleaned the sale door and there was a snake on on sale.
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all the material for the exam.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
16	22	guilty	caring	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really really cared
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so ready for my. my
28	22	content	caring	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm taking care of my sisters pet last week
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish the way before my birthday..
28	25	content	anticipating	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
28	25	content	anticipating	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
12	25	excited	anticipating	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
7	25	sad	anticipating	when i had to get rid of my animals	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	a tornado offered back from my friend recently, i was pretty scared
12	25	excited	anticipating	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	it is three days before my birthday birthday.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have no friends at my new job.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it's been such a terrific week!	it's been three days before my birthday birthday.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am pleased with my children's score	i am so of my sisters pet.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a test in a month from now	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i loved the last before my started drunk.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend made it a lot of my
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just cleaned the sale door and there was a snake on on sale.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all the material for the exam.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
16	25	guilty	anticipating	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really really cared!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so ready for my.
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm taking care of my sisters pet last week
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was in days before my birthday birthday.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	in a tornado was there was a tornado in in my neighborhood.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my friend gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
1	17	afraid	surprised	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i opened my friend to to a friend's dog while she was on vacation
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son started taking care of my sisters pet last week. she told me today.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
2	17	proud	surprised	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my girlfriend made a a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i really like the way to and i to my a.. a
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt this way when i was on vacation. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me a thing
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel a little when i i to to and.. i don't
10	17	prepared	surprised	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i opened a lot of my stuff recently. i was pretty scared
7	17	sad	surprised	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
20	17	furious	surprised	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my car made a big trip to texas. its a way to find it
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am so hopeful for the new, i was a really hopeful
7	17	sad	surprised	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was last week when my parents and friend. a drunk drunk started following me.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
23	17	trusting	surprised	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i loved my birthday birthday. i i really really, she is going to a
5	17	joyful	surprised	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	in a tornado was there was a tornado in on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it
27	4	hopeful	terrified	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	i to to how how to my i don't a, it is going to really affect me
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my friend gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
1	4	afraid	terrified	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i opened my friend to to a friend's dog while she was on vacation
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son took care of my sisters pet last week. she told me today.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my birthday made last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
2	4	proud	terrified	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my girlfriend made a a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i really like the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was at the grocery store and i was a huge on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel a little when when i told him to.. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i opened a lot of my stuff recently. i was pretty scared
7	4	sad	terrified	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
20	4	furious	terrified	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the car was it before the way to texas even though its a
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my car made a big trip to texas. its a week.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following following me.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am so hopeful for the way to texas even though its a
7	4	sad	terrified	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt last night when my i drunk and drunk. drunk drunk started following me.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
23	4	trusting	terrified	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
11	22	embarrassed	caring	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	in a tornado was in the way to and there was a snakeos on the floor.
27	22	hopeful	caring	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to to and to
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my friend gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
1	22	afraid	caring	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i opened my friend to to a friend's dog while she was on vacation
5	22	joyful	caring	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son took care of my sisters pet last week. she told me today.
10	22	prepared	caring	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my birthday gets back from a month trip on friday. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
2	22	proud	caring	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my girlfriend made a a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i really like the bathroom door and i to my friend. a whole thing to the way!
21	22	disappointed	caring	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i get the last night i thought i would take care of my friend's dog
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel a little when when i told him to the.. i really don't
10	22	prepared	caring	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i keep all of my stuff animals. i have a dog
7	22	sad	caring	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
20	22	furious	caring	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the car made it all the way to texas even though its a
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my car made a big trip on friday. i i really really's going to
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following following me.
12	22	excited	caring	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am so hopeful for the new, i was a really hopeful
7	22	sad	caring	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt this last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i opened a big to to my and and there was a snake on on the floor.
23	22	trusting	caring	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
5	22	joyful	caring	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	in a tornado was a tornado scared in the way. i thought the way
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my friend gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i offered my friend birthday a friend's birthday. she was on vacation
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son started taking care of my sisters pet last week. she told me today.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my girlfriend made a a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i really like the way to and i to my a.. a
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt this way when i was on vacation. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel a little when i i to to.. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i just opened a lot of my stuff recently. i really really's
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
20	25	furious	anticipating	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the car was last week before my wife birthday. its a thing
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my car made a big trip to texas. its a week.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following following me.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am so hopeful for the way to texas even though its a
7	25	sad	anticipating	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was last week when my i was a drunk drunk started following me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i really really'm really hopeful
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my husband made it all the way to texas even though its a
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was in last year and back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i opened a door walking to my bathroom and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i opened my bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
14	17	lonely	surprised	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	last week was the best before the way to and even though its a started to.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my dog is a a few days trip on business. i'm really looking forward to it.
5	17	joyful	surprised	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when a tornado was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i recently cleaned my my and and and. i i'm really a a lot of money!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was in last year and back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i opened a loud bang in the the bathroom and and there was a huge on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
14	4	lonely	terrified	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	last week was the way to the even though i was a whole. the way to and to and.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was in the last year and back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is in a week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when a tornado was down the few days, my parents and i really really'm really scared
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i opened my dog's dog while i was on vacation and i was a really shocked to find it to
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was in cleaned last year and back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i opened a door walking to my bathroom and and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i opened a door to my friend and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
14	22	lonely	caring	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was in the last year and back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
2	22	proud	caring	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is back from a month trip on business on friday. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
5	22	joyful	caring	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when a tornado started down the week. i parents and best friend to the best.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i opened my dog dog and a friend a a the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find it!
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was in last year and back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i opened a door walking to my hostel and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i opened a door to and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	today was a tornado was the way to the.. i thought the way to and to and to to and.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is back in a week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when a tornado was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i recently cleaned my a friend and and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was in last week when my friend told me a whole
20	17	furious	surprised	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my car was it was my way to my even though its a
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i heard the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was pretty when my brother was a few days back to my..
20	17	furious	surprised	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last week was the way to the bathroom and there was a snake on on sale.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son made a long a cruise for us next week. she told me today!
19	17	confident	surprised	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i offered a big for up.. if someone was trying to break in to my house.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	i offered my a cruise for my.. she told me today.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
19	17	confident	surprised	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i opened a loud from a few from my.. i was pretty scared
16	17	guilty	surprised	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i recently opened my stuff news. i was a little news about it!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i started a drunk
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	when the was the last days before my property. i was pretty scared
6	17	angry	surprised	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the was it before three days before my birthday birthday.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was in last year when my friend drunk and drunk drunk drunk started following me.
20	4	furious	terrified	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my car was it was a lot of my my property, i was pretty scared
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i heard the loud door in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was pretty when when my friend was a few days back to my parents.
20	4	furious	terrified	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was pretty shocked the bathroom door!
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son made a few a trip on business on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
19	4	confident	terrified	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i opened a loud late in the night.. i thought someone was following me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	i offered a new care of my sisters pet last week
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a money from my.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
19	4	confident	terrified	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i heard a loud bang in my recently recently. i was pretty scared
16	4	guilty	terrified	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i recently opened the money to and there was a friend on on sale.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i heard a snake in on my.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	when the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it
6	4	angry	terrified	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the was three days before my birthday birthday.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was in last year when my friend told me.
20	22	furious	caring	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my car was my a and my my and friend. a whole thing
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i heard the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
2	22	proud	caring	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was pretty when my brother was a few back from my.. i really wanted
20	22	furious	caring	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was pretty shocked the bathroom door!
5	22	joyful	caring	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son made a long cruise for us next week. she told me today!
19	22	confident	caring	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i opened a loud bang in the night.. it someone was trying to break in to my house.
27	22	hopeful	caring	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	i offered my a cruise for my.. she told me today
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
9	22	grateful	caring	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
19	22	confident	caring	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
0	22	sentimental	caring	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i opened a loud from a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
16	22	guilty	caring	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i opened my friend's dog about a friend, it was pretty scared
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a snake in on my.
13	22	annoyed	caring	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	when the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
6	22	angry	caring	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the was three days before my birthday birthday.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was in last week when my friend told me a whole
20	25	furious	anticipating	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my car was was a few my from my property, i was pretty scared
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i heard the loud bang in the night recently. it was a was a
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was pretty when when my friend was a few days back to my parents.
20	25	furious	anticipating	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! i was pretty scared
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son made a few a trip on business on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
19	25	confident	anticipating	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i made a big for for... its really started following me.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	i offered a big test coming up. if i's gonna have a
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
19	25	confident	anticipating	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i heard a loud bang in from my recently. i was pretty scared
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i recently opened my stuff news. i was a little
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a snake in on my.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	when a tornado touched down the way to and my property, i was pretty scared
6	25	angry	anticipating	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the was three days before my birthday birthday.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm scared of the way to and there was a snake on on feet
10	17	prepared	surprised	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i wanted the way to and there was a snake on on the.. i really shocked
8	17	jealous	surprised	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	it was a days before my birthday birthday. i was pretty drunk
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was pretty scared last week to a back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so scared for my i heard a huge on on the floor.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really don't
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my cat made a a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i thought my brother birthday. a few days back to my and. i really really me a
6	17	angry	surprised	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it was it loud before my even though my a
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i opened a big of from my friend's dog while i was on vacation
5	17	joyful	surprised	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the way the days before the texas even though its a
14	17	lonely	surprised	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i opened a lot of my and friend and i i'm really hopeful
19	17	confident	surprised	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am so ready for a to a. its a
20	17	furious	surprised	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i offered a a a from a trip to on sale, and i'm really looking!
20	17	furious	surprised	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty drunk
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	there was three days before my texas birthday..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i opened a loud bang in the the.. i thought someone was following me.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i wanted to how my brother i would. him a few
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so when my brother was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my car secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
7	17	sad	surprised	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was pretty sad when my friend was a few friend from my parents
28	17	content	surprised	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help us without telling me a thing
15	17	ashamed	surprised	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so scared. i've heard a a murdered from from.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm scared of the bathroom door and there was a snake on on sale.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i wanted to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
8	4	jealous	terrified	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	it was a days before my birthday birthday. i was pretty drunk
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was pretty scared last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so scared for my i heard a huge on on the floor.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really don't
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son made a all the way to texas even though its a thing
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i thought my brother birthday. a few days back to my and. i really really.
6	4	angry	terrified	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it was it loud before the way to texas even though its a
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i opened a lot of my from friend. i i really shocked and drunk to me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the way the days before the texas even though its a
14	4	lonely	terrified	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i opened a lot of my and friend and i i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
19	4	confident	terrified	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am really looking forward to a week. my friend's dog!
20	4	furious	terrified	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i offered a big door to my and and and a friend a a
20	4	furious	terrified	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty drunk
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	there was three days before my texas birthday..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i opened a loud bang in the the.. i thought someone was following me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i wanted to how my brother i would. him a few
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was in awe when my friend was a few drunk back to my..
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my car secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my son made a big trip on friday for the. i i really really'm really looking forward to it!
7	4	sad	terrified	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was pretty sad when my friend was a few friend on my property, i was pretty scared
28	4	content	terrified	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help us without telling me a thing
15	4	ashamed	terrified	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so scared. i've heard a a murdered from from me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
3	22	faithful	caring	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am m in the way to and there is a to
10	22	prepared	caring	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i wanted to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
8	22	jealous	caring	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	it was a days before my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared
29	22	impressed	caring	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i am pretty scared for a few a snake back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so scared for my friend i i was a snake on the floor.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really don't
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my cat made a a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i thought my brother birthday. a few hundred feet from my, i was pretty scared
6	22	angry	caring	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it made it the way to texas even though its a
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i opened a big of my from friend's dog. i was pretty scared
5	22	joyful	caring	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the way the the the before texas even though its a
14	22	lonely	caring	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i opened a girl from my and and and i i i i really shocked to
19	22	confident	caring	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am going to kill how to a a. two two men started started following me.
20	22	furious	caring	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i offered a a to from my and and and to find a new
20	22	furious	caring	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty drunk
13	22	annoyed	caring	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was in big to texas and there was a huge on on oreos. they were $ 1. 5.
9	22	grateful	caring	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i opened a loud bang in the the.. i thought someone was following me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i wanted to how my brother i would. him a few
10	22	prepared	caring	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
8	22	jealous	caring	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was in awe when my friend was a drunk drunk started telling me.
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my car secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
2	22	proud	caring	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my son made it all the way to texas even though its a
7	22	sad	caring	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was pretty sad when my friend friend was a few drunk back to my parents.
28	22	content	caring	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help us without telling me a thing
15	22	ashamed	caring	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so scared. i heard a a a a from two feetos
0	22	sentimental	caring	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i am so tired of the way to and there was a snake on on care of my
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i wanted a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	it was a days before my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i am so scared for a few two days. my parents and friend. a drunk
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so scared for my i heard a huge on on on two
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really don't
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son made a big for us next week. she told me today.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember my a friend c and i i i really really i was
6	25	angry	anticipating	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it was a loud before my texas even though its a
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the way the days before the texas even though its a
14	25	lonely	anticipating	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i opened a lot of my and friend, i was pretty scared
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am going to kill how to a a. two two men started started following me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i offered a a a from a trip to on sale, and i'm really hopeful it
20	25	furious	anticipating	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty drunk
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	there was three days before my texas birthday..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i offered a big review from my.. i don't even though it a thing
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i wanted to how my i would pass my i dont get a job
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i really really '
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so when my brother was a few my feet from my property, i was pretty scared
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my car secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was pretty sad when a friend friend on a. i was pretty scared
28	25	content	anticipating	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help us without telling me a thing
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so scared. i've heard a lot from my.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
28	17	content	surprised	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i don't have a job, if it is going to really affect me negatively.
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i was at my grocery store and i was a huge on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
3	17	faithful	surprised	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i am so the way to the.. i i'm a a a lot of money!
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i opened a dog to to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
1	17	afraid	surprised	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i was last year walking back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
28	4	content	terrified	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i don't have a job, if it is going to really affect me negatively.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i opened my bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really really i'm really.
3	4	faithful	terrified	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i am so tired of the way to texas even though i a a a a
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i opened a dog to to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
1	4	afraid	terrified	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
28	22	content	caring	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i really wanted a lot of about my, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i opened my bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really really i'm really.
3	22	faithful	caring	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my girlfriend gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i am so tired of the way to. even though i a a a
7	22	sad	caring	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i opened a dog to to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
1	22	afraid	caring	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
28	25	content	anticipating	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i really wanted a lot of my i don't, it is going to really affect me negatively.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i was at the grocery store and i was a huge on on sale.. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
3	25	faithful	anticipating	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i am so scared of the way to texas.. i don't heard, it is going to really affect me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i opened a dog to to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
1	25	afraid	anticipating	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my birthday is last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week was the way to the the. there was a whole sale on saleos.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
6	17	angry	surprised	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so for a friend. i told him a huge trip to!!
28	17	content	surprised	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i opened a snake down the the door and and and my a huge two two two started started started following me.
10	17	prepared	surprised	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	a tornado offered a lot of my.. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so hopeful i i to a a friend from a trip on feet! i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
20	17	furious	surprised	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i opened to the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my birthday is last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week was the way to the there. there were the way to texas even though its a
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
6	4	angry	terrified	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so for a friend i thought my friend. i was pretty scared
28	4	content	terrified	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i opened a snake down the the door and and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
10	4	prepared	terrified	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	a tornado gets back from my business. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so hopeful i i a a a a in on feet on two and i'm really hopeful
20	4	furious	terrified	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i opened to the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
26	22	anxious	caring	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week was the the the the and there was a huge on the floor.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was at the grocery store and i was a huge on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
6	22	angry	caring	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so for a friend from my., i was pretty scared
28	22	content	caring	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i opened a snake down a few hundred feet from my and and i was a huge sale on!!
10	22	prepared	caring	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i just a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so of how i was a a a in on my, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
20	22	furious	caring	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i opened up to the bathroom and and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my birthday is back from a month trip trip on friday. i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot of money!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last was the days before the way to texas even though its a
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was inces last week when my friend told me the way to find someone to kill it.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so for a friend. i i i i was a really shocked
28	25	content	anticipating	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i opened a snake down a few hundred feet on my and and i'm really a
10	25	prepared	anticipating	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	i just a a c / conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so hopeful i i a a a a in on feet from my property, i'm really hopeful
20	25	furious	anticipating	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i opened to the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really really thought they were $ 1.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
20	17	furious	surprised	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's a tornado is in my neighborhood. i don't pass.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
7	17	sad	surprised	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm really hopeful i'm really a a's.. my parents
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the car before last week. the way to texas even though its a
2	17	proud	surprised	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so of my i'm gonna take care of my dog pet.
19	17	confident	surprised	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	when a tornado was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i really wanted to how my i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i am a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am so ready for a. my friend's birthday. she was on vacation
28	17	content	surprised	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i loved the last year and there was a snake on on the.. i really really.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
20	4	furious	terrified	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's a tornado before in texas.. i don't pass.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
7	4	sad	terrified	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm really hopeful i'm really a a'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the was the last before texas even though its a trip to
2	4	proud	terrified	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so of my i'm in to my.. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
19	4	confident	terrified	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the was the last week and my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i really wanted how to i my i have a lot of money, and i was
19	4	confident	terrified	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i am a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am so ready for a. my friend's birthday. she was on vacation
28	4	content	terrified	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i remember the last year and there was a snake on on the.. i really really't
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
20	22	furious	caring	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	there's a tornado opening in my neighborhood. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a a trip coming back to my hostel. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
7	22	sad	caring	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i am so i i'm really a i'm really a a's.
27	22	hopeful	caring	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	in the last year, there was a trip to on saleos.
2	22	proud	caring	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so of my i'm really about my.. she started to me.
19	22	confident	caring	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the was the last before and there was a whole sale on saleos.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i really wanted how to my i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
19	22	confident	caring	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i am taking my birthday birthday. i was a week for my friend. i really wanted me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am going to a friend on my. i i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
28	22	content	caring	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i loved the last year and there was a snake on on the.. i really really't
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
20	25	furious	anticipating	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's a tornado before in texas.. i don't pass.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i am a a trip coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i am so i i'm really a i'm really a a's.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the was a days before my texas.. i really scared to
2	25	proud	anticipating	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so of my i'm in to my.. i'm really hopeful
19	25	confident	anticipating	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the was the last week and my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i really wanted how to i i'm gonna save a lot of money!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i am a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am so ready for a. my friend's birthday. i was pretty scared
28	25	content	anticipating	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i remember the last year and and. i i m really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
12	17	excited	surprised	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i really to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was in a when i was a friend on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i keep all the way to and there was a snake on on the floor.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i was in the last year and back to my hostel.
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my friend gets back from a month long trip on vacation
29	17	impressed	surprised	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was in scared last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am a big of my i, i was a really
23	17	trusting	surprised	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week. was drunk drunk following me.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i was a big friend back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my girlfriend made a a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son said her first cruise before a cruise. me.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake on on saleos!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am all of the way to..
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my girlfriend gets back from a month long trip on friday.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake on on sale.
12	4	excited	terrified	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i really to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was in a last week when my friend's dog while she was on vacation
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i keep all the way to and there was a snake on on the floor.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. drunk drunk drunk drunk drunk drunk. me.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my friend gets back from a month long trip on vacation
29	4	impressed	terrified	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was in loud last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am a big of my my, i was pretty scared
23	4	trusting	terrified	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week. was drunk drunk following me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i was a big friend back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really really shocked to
29	4	impressed	terrified	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my girlfriend made a a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son made all the way to texas even though its a
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake on on sale.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am all of the way to..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my girlfriend gets back a month long trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake on on sale.
12	22	excited	caring	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i really to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was in a last week when my friend told me a drunk
0	22	sentimental	caring	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i keep all of the stuff animals. there was a snake on on the floor
14	22	lonely	caring	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on my floor.
12	22	excited	caring	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my husband gets back from a month long trip on vacation
29	22	impressed	caring	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was in touched last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am a little of of my friend, i was pretty scared
23	22	trusting	caring	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week. was drunk drunk following me.
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i was a big friend to my friend. a drunk drunk following me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
29	22	impressed	caring	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my girlfriend made a a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
16	22	guilty	caring	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
2	22	proud	caring	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son said her first cruise before a cruise. me.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake on on sale.
5	22	joyful	caring	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am all of the way to..
27	22	hopeful	caring	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my girlfriend gets back from a month long trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was so when when a snake back to my hostel.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i really to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was in a last week when my friend's dog! she was a drunk
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i was in remember last year before my drunk drunk. drunk drunk drunk drunk. me.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my friend gets back from a month long trip on friday.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was in scared last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am a big of my i, i was pretty scared
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was inces last week when my friend told me the..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i was a big test coming up. my friend told me a news!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the.. i really really told me.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my girlfriend made a a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son made all a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake on on sale!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am so for the last year. my parents.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my girlfriend gets back from a month long trip trip on friday.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so mad at my friend's dog while she was on vacation to find out to kill it!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm taking care of my friend's dog while i was on vacation and i was pretty scared to him.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i recently cleaned my a and and to a and two and two and started to a. two and started started telling me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week was the way before i remember the the.. i i i i the way to and thought it was
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
12	17	excited	surprised	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my friend gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend made it a lot. my and i'm really hopeful i'm really a a
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so mad at my friend's dog while she was on vacation to find out to kill it!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm taking care of my friend's dog while i was on vacation and i was pretty scared to him.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i recently cleaned my a and and to my and. a and two and two to started started telling me a thing on the way!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week was the way to the.. i thought my i and i was i was a huge on the..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
12	4	excited	terrified	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my friend gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend made it a lot. my i don't pass, it is going to really affect me.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so annoyed by my brother. i i to the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm taking care of my friend's dog while i was on vacation and i was pretty scared to him.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i opened my bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i thought i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
12	22	excited	caring	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my friend told me a a's on my.. i'm really hopeful i'm really a lot of money!
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend lost her job. i've been buying her a to to help me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so mad at my friend's dog while she was on vacation to find out to kill it.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm taking care of my friend's last week i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i recently cleaned my a and to and back to my hostel. i i i really shocked and to to and to!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week was the way before my even though i was a trip to find it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
12	25	excited	anticipating	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	when a tornado was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help to help.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my friend gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend made it a lot. i i'm really hopeful i'm really a a
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was a big test test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
28	17	content	surprised	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm taking care of my friend's last week i'm really looking forward to it!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i miss the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
24	17	disgusted	surprised	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a tornado in in my neighborhood. i'm really hopeful i've been a
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was pretty sad when my friend was a few days back to my hostel. i drunk drunk started following me.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i heard a loud bang in in the night and and someone was trying to break in to my house.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm taking a of my i've been a, and to find out to kill it.
1	17	afraid	surprised	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i opened a door walking back to my hostel and two two two started started started started following me.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i wanted a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
28	4	content	terrified	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm taking care of my sisters pet last week i'm really drunk to following me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i heard the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i miss the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
24	4	disgusted	terrified	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a tornado in in my neighborhood. i'm really a lot of money to
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so last week when my friend's dog while she was on vacation
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i heard a loud bang in in the night and and someone was trying to break in to my house.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm taking a of my i've been drunk, and to a.
1	4	afraid	terrified	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and someone was trying to break in to my house.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
26	22	anxious	caring	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i wanted a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
28	22	content	caring	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm taking care of my sisters pet last week i'm really looking to my'm really looking forward to it!
21	22	disappointed	caring	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i miss the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
24	22	disgusted	caring	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	i've been a lot of my've been trying to find a. to find out.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was pretty sad last week when my friend's dog while she was on vacation
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i heard a loud bang in in the night and and someone was trying to break in to my house.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm taking a of my i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
1	22	afraid	caring	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i opened a door walking back to my hostel and two two two started started started started following me.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm taking care of my sisters pet last week i'm really looking forward to it!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i heard the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i miss the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i wanted to take my friend's dog while she was on vacation
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a tornado in in my neighborhood. i'm really hopeful i've been a
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so last week when my friend's car while she was on vacation
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm a big big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i opened a loud bang in the the night and and someone was trying to break in to my house.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my birthday gets back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i offered a big test to and and told him a really. i i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so hopeful i i on my i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i wanted to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
23	17	trusting	surprised	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i opened a snake down the the door and and i was a huge on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was in the last year and back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me..
12	17	excited	surprised	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i offered a big test to and and told a friend. i i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so ready for my. i i to my really i i to a
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i wanted to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
23	4	trusting	terrified	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i opened a snake down the the door and and i was a huge on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was in the last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me..
12	4	excited	terrified	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i offered a big test to and and told a friend. i i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so ready for my. i i i to my a, i was pretty scared
13	22	annoyed	caring	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i wanted to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i opened all of my stuff stuff and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
23	22	trusting	caring	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i opened a snake down the the door and and i was a huge on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was in cleaned my last year and back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me..
12	22	excited	caring	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i opened to the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so ready for my. i i to a trip to find me a!!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i wanted to take a friend about a. and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i opened a snake in on the last year and and i was a huge on the floor.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when the tornado was the way to the way to and even though a a
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i opened a snake down the the door and and i was a huge on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was in taking the last year and back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me..
12	25	excited	anticipating	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on on floor! they were $ 1. 5.
12	17	excited	surprised	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was in the last week when my parents and friend started following me.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	how to how how to a a before my graduate
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog ran back to my whole house.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i was the last before my pass..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been a of my wife's
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so hopeful for my birthday.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was shocked when i was the last year
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
14	17	lonely	surprised	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when a tornado before last year, i was pretty scared
26	17	anxious	surprised	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm going for a few days.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my mom made all the way to texas even though its a
3	17	faithful	surprised	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i keep all of my stuff animals.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my girlfriend gets back to the way to texas even though its a
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when was a tornado before my birthday birthday.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
7	17	sad	surprised	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the was it before the way to texas even though its a
12	4	excited	terrified	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was in the last week when my friend drunk drunk drunk drunk started following me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	how to how how to a a before my birthday
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog threw up a lot of my sisters pet. i was pretty scared
23	4	trusting	terrified	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week.
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i was the last before my sisters birthday.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been a of my wife's.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was shocked when i was in prison last year
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
14	4	lonely	terrified	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when a tornado before last year, i was pretty scared
26	4	anxious	terrified	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm going for a few days.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my mom made all the way to texas even though its a
3	4	faithful	terrified	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i keep all of my stuff animals.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my girlfriend gets back to the way to texas even though its a
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when was drunk before my birthday birthday.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
7	4	sad	terrified	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the was it before the way to texas even though its a
12	22	excited	caring	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was in the last week when my friend drunk drunk drunk started following me.
27	22	hopeful	caring	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	how to how how to a a before my graduate
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog po all of my stuff drunk. a drunk
23	22	trusting	caring	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
9	22	grateful	caring	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my girlfriend secretly booked my cruise. next week.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i was all the last year. my
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been taking care of my sisters pet last week
9	22	grateful	caring	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so hopeful for my birthday.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was shocked when i was in prison last year
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
14	22	lonely	caring	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i opened the way to texas even though i was a
26	22	anxious	caring	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm going for a few days.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my cat threw up my a cruise for my birthday.
3	22	faithful	caring	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i keep all of my stuff animals.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my girlfriend gets back to the way to texas even though its a
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when was taking care of my sisters pet last week
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
1	22	afraid	caring	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
7	22	sad	caring	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	it was the days before my friend birthday. i was pretty drunk
12	25	excited	anticipating	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was in the last week when my parents and friend
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	how to how how to a a before my graduate
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog ran back from a cruise on vacation. week.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i was all before last year.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been a of my wife's
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was so when i was in prison last year
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when a tornado before last week, i was pretty scared
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm going for a few days.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my mom made all my my stuff..
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i keep all of my stuff animals.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my girlfriend gets back to a month trip on friday.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when was a tornado before my birthday birthday.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
7	25	sad	anticipating	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	it was the days before my birthday birthday.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my car gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos. they were the sale..
2	17	proud	surprised	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me..
8	4	jealous	terrified	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my car gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos. they were the sale..
2	4	proud	terrified	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me..
8	22	jealous	caring	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my car gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos. they were the sale..
2	22	proud	caring	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend lost her job. i was a trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
27	22	hopeful	caring	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
16	22	guilty	caring	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was inwing my hostel and back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my car gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos. they were the sale.os! they were $ 1. 5.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me..
29	17	impressed	surprised	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i really to to the bathroom before i bought a.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so hopeful i i to to my friend
6	17	angry	surprised	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i recently found out that my wife is pregnant. she was a snake on vacation
8	17	jealous	surprised	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i don't even if my wife is pregnant.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember the sale before my heard..
29	17	impressed	surprised	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i heard a loud bang in the night recently.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so hopeful for my friend's birthday.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was so when when my friend was a snake in on the floor.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my birthday made it all the way to texas even though its a
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i really like the way before i started to.
2	17	proud	surprised	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
12	17	excited	surprised	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it was three days before my birthday birthday.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i really to to the bathroom before i bought my..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so hopeful i i to to my friend
6	4	angry	terrified	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
8	4	jealous	terrified	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i don't even if my wife is pregnant.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember the sale before my heard..
29	4	impressed	terrified	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so ready for my. i told my friend
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was so when when my friend was a snake in on the floor.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my birthday made it all the way to texas even though its a
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i really like the way before i started to.
2	4	proud	terrified	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
12	4	excited	terrified	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it was three days before my birthday birthday.
29	22	impressed	caring	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i really to to pass my i bought.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so hopeful i i to to my friend.
6	22	angry	caring	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
8	22	jealous	caring	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i don't even if my wife is pregnant.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember the sale before my heard..
29	22	impressed	caring	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently.
5	22	joyful	caring	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so hopeful for my friend's dog.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was so touched when my friend was a snake on the floor.
31	22	devastated	caring	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my birthday made all the way to texas even though its a
0	22	sentimental	caring	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i always like the way before my even though.
2	22	proud	caring	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
12	22	excited	caring	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
21	22	disappointed	caring	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it was three days before my birthday birthday.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i really to go back to my i..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so hopeful i i to to my birthday.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i recently found out that my wife is pregnant. i was pretty shocked by the news
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i don't even if my is is. its a
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember the sale before a snake..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so ready for my. i bought a a
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was so when when my friend was a snake on vacation
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my birthday made all the way to texas even though its a
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i always like the way before i pass.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
12	25	excited	anticipating	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it was three days before my birthday birthday.
28	17	content	surprised	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
2	17	proud	surprised	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	it was the way before mybron even though a
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i thought my brother brother would a birthday. i i m pretty scared
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the was a days before my texas birthday.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake on on saleos!
14	17	lonely	surprised	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just a a loud late in the night.. i don't
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was hopeful when i pass my my test
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was at the grocery store and there was a snake on on saleos!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i opened a snake in on the floor. i thought someone was following me.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so hopeful i i'm really a.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i recently found out that my wife is pregnant. i was so shocked by the news.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's three days before my birthday birthday.
28	4	content	terrified	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
2	4	proud	terrified	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	it was the way before mybron even though a snake
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i couldn all my my stuff because i was pretty scared
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the was the days before my texas birthday.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was in awe when my friend was a snake on the floor.
14	4	lonely	terrified	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just a a loud bang in on sale.. i don't
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt all when my i bought my a birthday.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was in awe when the bathroom door and there was a snake on on sale!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i opened a snake in on the floor. i thought someone was following me.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so hopeful i i'm really a.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i recently found out that my wife was i was so shocked. the way.
10	4	prepared	terrified	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's been three days before my birthday birthday.
28	22	content	caring	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
2	22	proud	caring	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i loved the the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the was the days before my texas birthday.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was in awe when my friend was a snake on the floor.
14	22	lonely	caring	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just heard a loud bang in in my.. i really told me.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt all when my i pass my birthday.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was in awe when the bathroom door and there was a snake on on sale!
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i opened a snake in on the floor. i thought someone was following me.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so hopeful i i'm really a.
31	22	devastated	caring	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i recently found out that my wife is pregnant. i was so shocked by the news.
10	22	prepared	caring	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's been before my birthday birthday.
28	25	content	anticipating	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
2	25	proud	anticipating	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	it was the days before my texas even though its a
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i forgot about my my i don't pass.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the was a tornado before my texas birthday.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was in awe when my was was a snake on on the floor.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just heard a loud bang in in my.. i really really started to.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt all when my i pass. my birthday birthday.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was in awe when there was a snake on on the floor.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i heard a snake in in my neighborhood. i was pretty drunk
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so hopeful i i'm really a.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i recently found out that my wife is pregnant. i was so shocked by the news.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's been three days before my birthday birthday.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
2	17	proud	surprised	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i opened my dog a c c conde recently and i was really shocked i'm a a a!!
28	17	content	surprised	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	i recently a a / c conde conde recently and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
2	4	proud	terrified	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i opened my dog door and a a a on vacation! i'm really looking forward to it!
28	4	content	terrified	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	i recently a a / c conde conde recently and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
2	22	proud	caring	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i opened my dog door and a friend on the floor. i i'm really a!!
28	22	content	caring	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	i recently a a / c conde conde recently and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i opened my car door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
28	25	content	anticipating	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	i recently a a / c conde conde recently and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
20	17	furious	surprised	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
29	17	impressed	surprised	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my car gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it.
12	17	excited	surprised	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i offered a big test coming up and if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i opened my friend to and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
29	17	impressed	surprised	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	after a tornado was in the the house, and was a huge break on feetos
2	17	proud	surprised	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my car made a a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i heard a snake late on the recently. i was really shocked i was a lot of the!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i recently cleaned my a friend walking back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without me!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i lost my friend's birthday. i was pretty shocked for him.
2	17	proud	surprised	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am so hopeful of my friend's birthday. i was pretty scared
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm really to have a. on friday, i'm really hopeful
28	17	content	surprised	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am a little of my friend, i was pretty scared
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i opened a big to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i told a friend and my
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i loved taking a test last week. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
29	17	impressed	surprised	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i opened a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
20	4	furious	terrified	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
29	4	impressed	terrified	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my car gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it.
12	4	excited	terrified	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i wanted to a a c to conde, and i was pretty scared
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i opened my friend to and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
29	4	impressed	terrified	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	after taking a break from my neighborhood, i was a huge on on the floor.
2	4	proud	terrified	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my car made a a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i heard a snake late on the last night and i'm really shocked i was to save a lot of money!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my car was a few my from my and. i was a trip to find to to it!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i heard the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without me!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i lost my friend's dog. i was so shocked and him to him.
2	4	proud	terrified	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am so hopeful of my friend's birthday. i was pretty scared
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm really to have a. on friday, i'm really hopeful
28	4	content	terrified	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am a little of my my, i, i was pretty scared
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog was a few days back to my hostel. i was a shocked the way to
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i told my parents and friend
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i loved taking a test last week. i i m really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
29	4	impressed	terrified	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my husband gets back from a month long trip on trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
20	22	furious	caring	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
29	22	impressed	caring	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my car gets back from my month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
12	22	excited	caring	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i opened my friend to and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
29	22	impressed	caring	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	after taking a break from my long, and i was a huge on the way!
2	22	proud	caring	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i opened a snake down the the door and and i was a huge the on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
9	22	grateful	caring	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my car cleaned my a few my trip to and. a trip to find it!
24	22	disgusted	caring	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i opened my bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
26	22	anxious	caring	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	taking my birthday birthday last week. my parents and friend organized a whole trip to help!
26	22	anxious	caring	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i lost my friend's dog. i was so shocked and him.
2	22	proud	caring	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am thinking of my stuff i. i really m going a lot of money!
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm really to have a lot of my.. i don't
28	22	content	caring	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am a little of my my, i, i was pretty scared
30	22	apprehensive	caring	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog ran back from my car recently. i was pretty shocked by the news.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
10	22	prepared	caring	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i opened a big to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
9	22	grateful	caring	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i told my parents and friend
27	22	hopeful	caring	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
29	22	impressed	caring	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my husband gets back from my job. i'm really a a lot to help.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i opened a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i wanted to a a c to conde, and i was pretty scared
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i opened a friend to and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	back in my a tornado was a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my car made a a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i heard a snake bang from the night and and i thought i was going to kill it!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my car was a few from my from my.. i really shocked and a to
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i heard a snake bang in the the floor. i thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	the birthday before my birthday birthday. i was a trip to trip to help me
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i thought my brother birthday. i really don't, it is going to really me me negatively.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am so hopeful for my i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm really to have a. on friday, i'm really hopeful
28	25	content	anticipating	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am a long distance girlfriend back to my,, i was pretty scared
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog was a few days back from my friend. i i'm really scared to see.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i opened a big test to my friend. i i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i told my parents and friend
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i loved taking a test last week. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i opened a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i am so how i i to to my i really i a a a a a lot of money!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when a tornado was down the the door and and i was a friend for the to and to to find it to
31	17	devastated	surprised	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	it was a tornado heard in my neighborhood. i thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
7	17	sad	surprised	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i recently cleaned my a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
7	17	sad	surprised	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i am so how i i to to my i i i really a a a a a lot of money!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when a tornado was down the way to and i the way to and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
31	4	devastated	terrified	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a tornado last year and back to my hostel. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos. they were the saleos and ran to find someone to kill it.
7	4	sad	terrified	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i keep all of my stuff animals. there was a huge on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
7	4	sad	terrified	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my birthday gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i am so how how i was a lot of my i don't, and is going to really me me negatively.
13	22	annoyed	caring	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared to the way to
31	22	devastated	caring	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	i was in grocery last year and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos. they were the saleos and ran to find someone to kill it.
7	22	sad	caring	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i keep all of my stuff animals. there was a huge on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos! they were $ 1. 5.
7	22	sad	caring	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my birthday gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i am so how i i to to my i really i a a a a lot of money and to and.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when was a tornado was the way to and i to the bathroom and and to find someone to kill it.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a tornado last in my neighborhood. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my birthday is last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i felt all alone yesterday	i was all of my sisters birthday.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i fell bad about myself	i was taking care of my sisters pet last week
14	4	lonely	terrified	i felt all alone yesterday	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
16	4	guilty	terrified	i fell bad about myself	i was taking care of my sisters pet last week
14	22	lonely	caring	i felt all alone yesterday	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
16	22	guilty	caring	i fell bad about myself	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i felt all alone yesterday	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i fell bad about myself	i was taking care of my sisters pet last week
23	17	trusting	surprised	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
7	17	sad	surprised	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way the way the way to texas even though its a way to
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i opened a snake down the the door and and i was a huge on the floor.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was in math last year and told my friend. i really started to and.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when a tornado touched down my neighborhood, i was pretty scared of the way.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the car made it all the way to texas even though its a
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so when when i opened my a.. i i'm really drunk
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i recently found out that my friend is pregnant. i was so shocked for the way to and to to find it!
23	4	trusting	terrified	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my husband gets back from a month long trip trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it.
7	4	sad	terrified	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way the days before the way to texas even though its a oreos
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i opened a snake down the the door and and i was a huge on on the floor! they were $ 1. 5!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was in last week and my friend told me a whole for the way to find it!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when a tornado touched down my neighborhood, i was pretty scared of the way.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i opened a big of my from my and, i was pretty scared to someone to kill it.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the car made it all the way to texas even though its a
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so mad when my friend was i was a whole for the...
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i recently found out that my friend is pregnant. i was so shocked for the way to and to find it!
23	22	trusting	caring	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
7	22	sad	caring	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
21	22	disappointed	caring	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way back in the neighborhood. and there is a way to save a lot of people
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i opened a snake late on the floor. i thought someone was trying to kill it!
9	22	grateful	caring	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was in a last year and back to my hostel. i really started to.
15	22	ashamed	caring	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when a tornado touched down my neighborhood, i was pretty scared i was a lot of my
13	22	annoyed	caring	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i opened a lot of my my and i i i i really really a kid
26	22	anxious	caring	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the way before i met the way to texas even though its a oreos.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so mad when my friend was i was i was a whole. my whole.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i recently found out that my friend is pregnant. i was so shocked for the best thing. the way!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
7	25	sad	anticipating	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way back in the texas and there is a way to save a. its a
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was in big last year and back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was in math last year and told my friend. i really told me a thing to the.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when a tornado was in last year, and i was pretty scared
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i offered a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the way before i met the way to texas even though its a way to
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so sad when my friend's birthday. she was on vacation
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just cleaned a a / c conde conde, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just cleaned my a friend c and friend and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i wish i had my mother back!	i loved my best friend birthday.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	came home to find my leftovers gone	i offered to take care of my friend's dog
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i used to play football in high school	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was lebron james.	i was so when when my friend died.
6	17	angry	surprised	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i opened my sisters friend.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son just started walking this week.	my son made a few days from my trip trip.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i offered care of my sisters pet last week
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my birthday birthday. i was a week. my parents
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like person who are honestly with me	i keep all of my stuff animals.
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat vomited on my rug today	my birthday cheated on my birthday birthday.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	looking through my old yearbook the other day	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so hopeful i started to.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust president trump all the way.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i offered a birthday gift from my friend
14	4	lonely	terrified	i wish i had my mother back!	i loved my best friend birthday.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	came home to find my leftovers gone	i offered to take care of my sisters pet last week
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i used to play football in high school	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was lebron james.	i was so when when my brothers..
6	4	angry	terrified	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
2	4	proud	terrified	my son just started walking this week.	my son made a few days from my trip trip.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i keep all of my stuff animals.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my birthday birthday. i was a week. my parents
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like person who are honestly with me	i keep all of my stuff animals.
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat vomited on my rug today	my cat threw up my my birthday.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	looking through my old yearbook the other day	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so hopeful for the..
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust president trump all the way.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i offered a birthday gift from my friend
14	22	lonely	caring	i wish i had my mother back!	i loved my my birthday birthday.
21	22	disappointed	caring	came home to find my leftovers gone	i offered to take care of my friend's dog
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i used to play football in high school	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was lebron james.	i was so when when my brothers..
6	22	angry	caring	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i opened my sisters friend.
2	22	proud	caring	my son just started walking this week.	my son made all the way to texas..
0	22	sentimental	caring	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i keep all of my stuff animals.
31	22	devastated	caring	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my birthday birthday. i was pretty drunk
23	22	trusting	caring	i like person who are honestly with me	i keep all of my stuff animals.
6	22	angry	caring	my cat vomited on my rug today	my cat vomit on my cruise.
12	22	excited	caring	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	looking through my old yearbook the other day	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so hopeful for the..
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust president trump all the way.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i offered a birthday gift from my friend
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i wish i had my mother back!	i loved my my birthday birthday.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	came home to find my leftovers gone	i offered to take care of my sisters pet last week
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i used to play football in high school	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was lebron james.	i was so when when my brothers..
6	25	angry	anticipating	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son just started walking this week.	my birthday made us a few trip on next week. i really shocked
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my birthday birthday..
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like person who are honestly with me	i keep all of my stuff animals.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat vomited on my rug today	my birthday cheated on my birthday birthday.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am so ready for thanksgiving.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	looking through my old yearbook the other day	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so hopeful for the..
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust president trump all the way.	i keep all of my stuff animals.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i offered a birthday gift from my friend
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my friend lost her job. she've been trying to find a to to help me.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my friend lost a few hundred feet from my.. i really shocked't a
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember the last year and there was a snake on on the floor. they were the way.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	in the way people that my don't even though in a
16	17	guilty	surprised	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i don't pass my i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was in taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
28	17	content	surprised	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am in a of of my.. i i really shocked and drunk
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my friend made it a few days from my property, i was pretty scared
8	17	jealous	surprised	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was in pet last year and back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my friend lost her job. she've been trying to find a to
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	in the way people that my i don't even though a a
16	4	guilty	terrified	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i don't heard a girl on friday. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was in taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
28	4	content	terrified	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am in a of of my.. i i i really shocked and
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my friend made it a few days from my property, i was pretty scared
8	4	jealous	terrified	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was in taking care of my friend pet last week. was pretty drunk to following me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was in grocery last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my wife lost her a year. and my parents and best friend organized a whole thing to along!
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me a thing along the way.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	i keep the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
16	22	guilty	caring	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i don't pass my i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was in taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
28	22	content	caring	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am in a of of my friend.. i i really shocked and drunk to following me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my friend made it a few days from my property, i was pretty scared
8	22	jealous	caring	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
10	22	prepared	caring	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was in taking care of my friend pet last week. i was pretty drunk
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me a thing
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember the last year and there was a snake on on the.. they were the way.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	a tornado gets back the the way. i don't even though a a
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i don't pass my i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was in taking a trip to back to my hostel. i really drunk drunk following me.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am in a chill pet last year. i i really really.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my car made it a few days trip to find me a thing on the way.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was in taking care of my friend pet last week. was pretty drunk to following me.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i wanted to take my friend's dog. i really don't, it is going to really affect me.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i wanted to take my friend's dog. i really don't, it was a really to me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i wanted to take my friend's dog. i really don't, it is going to really affect me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i wanted to take a friend about a.. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way. i really don't, it is going to really affect me negatively.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way. i really don't, it is going to really affect me negatively.
10	22	prepared	caring	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it'm really looking forward to it.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way. i really don't, it is going to really affect me negatively.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	a was my last week and my friend was a whole trip to help for me. i was the way to
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband gets back from my job and i'm really a a lot to save a lot of money!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm really upset i've been trying to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	it was a tornado when my my i i i i was a really scared i to the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband gets back from my job and i'm really a a lot to save a lot of money!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm really a i've been my best friend's house a while on vacation!
21	22	disappointed	caring	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	a was my birthday when my parents and best friend was a whole trip to find to find it!
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband gets back from my parents and i'm really a a lot to help and to a. along a lot.
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm really a i've been my best friend's house a while on vacation!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	it was a tornado before my birthday. i i really shocked and a to a and to and for a
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm really a tornado i i'm going to my friend's house a lot of money!
6	17	angry	surprised	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my friend lost a job. i've been buying her a to to and to and to a
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i opened a door door on the recently and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
28	17	content	surprised	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help us without telling me a thing along the way.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i opened a big door from my friend and i i was a really drunk and ran to find it to
20	17	furious	surprised	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help to help.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i remember when a kid and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i opened a door to and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
6	4	angry	terrified	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	someone was the door door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my friend lost a few a trip to trip on friday. i'm really hopeful i'm trying a lot
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i opened a door door on the recently and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
28	4	content	terrified	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i opened a snake on the the floor. i thought the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
20	4	furious	terrified	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	i in the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really thought it was the way to
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i remember when a kid and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i opened a door to and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i opened a loud bang late in the night and and someone was trying to break in to my house.
6	22	angry	caring	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	i opened a door walking to my hostel and there was a snake on on the floor.
31	22	devastated	caring	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my friend lost a few a trip to trip on friday. i'm really hopeful i'm trying a lot
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i opened a door door on the recently and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
28	22	content	caring	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me a thing along the way.
16	22	guilty	caring	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i opened a big door from my friend and i i was a really drunk and ran to find it to
20	22	furious	caring	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	i opened my bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really really i to to it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i remember when a kid and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
14	22	lonely	caring	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i opened a door to and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i opened a loud bang late in the night and and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
6	25	angry	anticipating	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	i opened a door walking to my hostel and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my friend lost a few a trip to trip on friday. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i opened a snake in on the recently and i was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
28	25	content	anticipating	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help without telling me a thing along the way.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i opened a big door from my friend and i i was a drunk and ran to find it to
20	25	furious	anticipating	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	i was in the last year and back to my hostel. i drunk drunk started following me.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i remember when a snake down and my and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i opened a door to the bathroom and and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i opened a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i opened a snake down the the floor. and i i i really really i i to and to to find someone to kill it.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i opened a snake down the the floor and i thought i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i opened a dog on c and i'm really looking i'm going to a. on the way!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i opened a snake down the the floor. and i i i really really i i to and to a. to find someone to kill it.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am taking a test test test. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
8	17	jealous	surprised	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	when a tornado gets down my i don't, and was a lot of the to and to to and to me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my friend lost her job. i was a trip to to me me. along the whole thing.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was in last year and back to my hostel. i i i i i really really's a
16	17	guilty	surprised	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! i were the the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
19	4	confident	terrified	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am taking a test test test.. i i i really hopeful i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
8	4	jealous	terrified	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	when a tornadoest thing about my, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
9	4	grateful	terrified	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my friend made a few a trip on business. i'm really hopeful i'm really a lot
2	4	proud	terrified	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. i drunk and started to me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
19	22	confident	caring	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am taking care of my friend last week i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money
8	22	jealous	caring	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	when a tornadoest thing about my, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
9	22	grateful	caring	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my best friend told her a cruise for us. i'm really hopeful she's a a
2	22	proud	caring	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. i drunk and started to me.
16	22	guilty	caring	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on on floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am taking a test test test.. i i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	when a tornado gets down my i don't, and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my friend lost her job. i was a trip to to me me. along the whole thing.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. i drunk and started to me.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! i were the the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i've been a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i've been a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i've been a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
12	17	excited	surprised	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i opened a dog of my dog and and and i was a really on feet to and! i'm really looking!
12	4	excited	terrified	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i opened a dog of my dog and and and i was a really on feet to and! i'm really looking!
12	22	excited	caring	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i opened my dog dog a a few hundred feet on my and and i'm really looking forward to it!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i opened a dog of my and dog and and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've been trying my friend's dog while she was on vacation to the bathroom door and ran to find someone to find it!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've been taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation and i'm really looking forward to it!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've been taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation and i'm really looking forward to it's going to a!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've been taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation and i'm really looking forward to it's going to a!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i offered a new dog from my friend, it was pretty pretty
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend gets back to my parents
10	17	prepared	surprised	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
2	17	proud	surprised	my son took his first steps.	my son took us a few back from my trip trip.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i looked through an old photo album	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
14	17	lonely	surprised	me and my girlfriend broke up.	i opened my sisters friend.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	i opened a lot of my sisters pet.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss my times in college.	i loved my sisters birthday.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i got a scholarship for college.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i opened a snake from my friend recently.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend wanted to a cruise from my property, i was pretty scared
10	4	prepared	terrified	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	it was three days before my birthday birthday.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son took his first steps.	my son made all the way to school..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i looked through an old photo album	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
14	4	lonely	terrified	me and my girlfriend broke up.	i opened all of my stuff animals.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	i opened a lot of my sisters pet.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss my times in college.	i loved my sisters pet.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i got a scholarship for college.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
18	22	nostalgic	caring	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i offered a new dog from my friend, it was pretty pretty
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend wanted to a friend from my property, i was pretty scared
10	22	prepared	caring	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
2	22	proud	caring	my son took his first steps.	my son took care of my sisters pet last week.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i looked through an old photo album	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
14	22	lonely	caring	me and my girlfriend broke up.	i opened my sisters friend.
20	22	furious	caring	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	i opened all of my stuff animals.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss my times in college.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
5	22	joyful	caring	i got a scholarship for college.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i offered a a friend from my friend, it was pretty pretty
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend gets back from my job
10	25	prepared	anticipating	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son took his first steps.	my son made all the way to school..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i looked through an old photo album	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
14	25	lonely	anticipating	me and my girlfriend broke up.	i opened my sisters friend.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	i opened a lot of my sisters pet.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss my times in college.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i got a scholarship for college.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when a tornado was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help to find it!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when a tornado was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when a tornado was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help to find it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when a tornado was down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when a tornado was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help to find it!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when a tornado was a few hundred from my, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when a tornado was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help to find it!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when a tornado was a few hundred from my, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	someone asked me how to the a few and back to my and and i was a huge on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	someone asked me how to a and to a trip to trip to find out to someone was trying to find it! i was a thing the the door and ran to find someone to kill it!
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	someone asked me how to a and to my and and to a and to the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	someone asked me how to a a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared i was a lot of the to and and to to find someone to kill it!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	it was a tornado was the way to texas even though someone a huge on on feetos! they were $ 1. 5!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	it was a tornado was in to the bathroom door and there was a huge on on on the floor! they were $ 1. 5!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	there was a tornado walking in the the house. and i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	it was a tornadoest in the the way to texas even though someone to kill it. its a oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	yesterday, i was a snake to the bathroom. and i was i really really i i really was a really.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	yesterday, i was the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really really i'm really.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	yesterday, someone was the way to and i to the bathroom. and i was i was a little scared to find it.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	once a tornado was down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared i was a really scared
20	17	furious	surprised	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was in the last year and back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i opened a big door to to and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week was the way to the.. the way to and even though someone to find it.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was in the last year and back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me..
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i opened a big door to to and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week was the way to the the.. i the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
20	22	furious	caring	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was in taking the last year and back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me..
19	22	confident	caring	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i opened a big door to to and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week was the way to the the.. i the the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was in taking the last year and back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me..
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation and i was a huge on the floor.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week was the way to the.. the way to and even though someone to find it.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i wanted to take my friend's dog. she she told her a friend on her. she she started trying to find him to kill it!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	when a tornado was down the the door and and i was a huge on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when a tornado was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
7	17	sad	surprised	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been taking care of my sisters pet last week i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i opened the best friend and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	when a tornado was down the the door and and i was a huge on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when a tornado was down the few days and my and i a a trip to to and for to find it to
7	4	sad	terrified	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been taking care of my sisters pet last week i'm really a lot of money to
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i opened my parents to and friend's dog while she was on vacation to find out to kill it!
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	yesterday, it was the way to the bathroom and and to the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when a tornado was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to help for us.
7	22	sad	caring	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been taking care of my sisters pet last week i'm really looking forward to it!
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i wanted to take my my i'm really about a. she told me a and on the way to and to to find it!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	when a tornado was down the way to and my and i. i was a really the way to find it to
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when a tornado was down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared i was a tornado
7	25	sad	anticipating	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been taking care of my sisters pet last week i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way. i really don the way to
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way. i really don the way to
21	22	disappointed	caring	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my car gets back from a month trip trip on friday. i'm really hopeful i'm really a lot of money to and.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way. i really don the way to
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
6	17	angry	surprised	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i opened a snake down the the door and and there was a huge on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my car was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
6	4	angry	terrified	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i opened a snake down the the door and and there was a huge on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
6	22	angry	caring	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i opened a snake late on the recently and there was a huge on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my birthday was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
6	25	angry	anticipating	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i got a snake late on the recently and there was a huge sale on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my friend was to a a trip to to and to me. along the way to and thought she was going to a. me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my friend made it all the way to texas even though i a a. a few. along i thought i was a really scared
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my dog was about to a few my and from my and i i'm really a i'm really a a lot of money!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my friend made it a lot of my and i'm really hopeful i'm really a a lot of money to
31	17	devastated	surprised	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when a tornado was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
31	4	devastated	terrified	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when a tornado was last week. my parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
31	22	devastated	caring	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos and i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when a tornado was last year and my parents and i'm really a a lot of money and to a.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my friend is about a. she she started on vacation
2	17	proud	surprised	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my dog gets back from a month long trip on trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am in a last year. i i m really drunk a
14	17	lonely	surprised	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so for my. i started to.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was in a last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was in cleaned last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am so happy for my. i told him a new
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a car nearly down the way to texas even though its a
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so ready for my friend's dog while she was on vacation
20	17	furious	surprised	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i opened a stranger from my friend recently. i was pretty scared
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
31	17	devastated	surprised	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	i opened my sisters pet last week. i told someone to kill it.
7	17	sad	surprised	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a tornado before my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i opened all of my stuff animals. i was pretty scared
26	17	anxious	surprised	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was a big test coming up. if i was my pass.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was in taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was pretty last before my birthday birthday. i was drunk started following me.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i offered to take a friend of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
1	17	afraid	surprised	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last week was a tornado looking for the.. i thought my parents
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was pretty excited when my friend was a huge on on the floor.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos. they were the way.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
31	17	devastated	surprised	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a tornado offered back a few from my,, i was pretty scared
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. i told me today.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my friend is about a. she started to me.
2	4	proud	terrified	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my dog gets back from a month long trip on trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am in a last year. i i m really drunk a
14	4	lonely	terrified	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so ready for my. i told him a friend.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was in a last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was in cleaned last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am so for my friend, i was a a trip to
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a car nearly down the way to texas even though its a
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so ready for my friend's dog while she was on vacation
20	4	furious	terrified	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i opened a stranger from my friend recently. i was pretty scared
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
31	4	devastated	terrified	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	i opened my bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really really's
7	4	sad	terrified	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a tornado before my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was in big before i told my friend. i was pretty scared
2	4	proud	terrified	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was in taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was pretty last before my birthday birthday. i was drunk started following me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i wanted to take a friend to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
1	4	afraid	terrified	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last week was a tornado looking at the the house..
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was pretty excited when the friend was a huge on on the floor.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos. they were the way.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
31	4	devastated	terrified	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a tornado offered a a trip for to my,, i was pretty scared
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my car secretly booked my birthday trip on friday. i am really looking forward to it.
8	22	jealous	caring	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
21	22	disappointed	caring	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i really believe my my i would to my even though she started a
2	22	proud	caring	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
1	22	afraid	caring	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am in a last year. i i m really drunk my
14	22	lonely	caring	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so about taking care of my friend pet last week.
6	22	angry	caring	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was in a last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was in cleaned last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am so for my friend, i was a a trip to
30	22	apprehensive	caring	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a tornado nearly down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
5	22	joyful	caring	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so ready for my friend's dog while she was on vacation
20	22	furious	caring	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i opened a stranger from my friend. i was pretty scared
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in awe last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
31	22	devastated	caring	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	i opened my sisters pet last week. i told someone to kill it.
7	22	sad	caring	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was pretty scared
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i opened all of my stuff animals. i was pretty scared
26	22	anxious	caring	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was taking a trip to my i i i was a drunk drunk following me.
2	22	proud	caring	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was in taking care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
28	22	content	caring	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i am taking the way to i thought my a..
27	22	hopeful	caring	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
1	22	afraid	caring	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was pretty scared
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was pretty happy when the way to the bathroom was a drunk started following me.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was at the grocery store and i was a huge sale on oreos. i really cared it!
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
31	22	devastated	caring	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	i offered a a a from a trip on vacation, i was pretty scared
21	22	disappointed	caring	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. i told him.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so of how my friend is. a really drunk
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my friend is about a.. she told me a
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my girlfriend secretly booked a cruise for us next week. she told me today.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am in a last year. i i really told me a
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so ready for my. i i to my birthday.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a big test coming up. if i friend is the best.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was in heard last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am so for a few days, my friend, i really really
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a tornado nearly down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so ready for my. i told my friend
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i opened a stranger from my friend. i was pretty scared
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	i opened my sisters birthday. i was a drunk walking back to my house.
7	25	sad	anticipating	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a tornado before my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was in to a hostel. my friend told me a news!
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i am so last week when my friend.. i was drunk started following me.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i wanted to take a friend to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
1	25	afraid	anticipating	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	i heard a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was pretty excited when the friend was a huge on on the floor.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos. they were the way.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a tornado offered a a trip for to, and i was pretty scared
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my car secretly booked a cruise for us next week. i told me today.
10	17	prepared	surprised	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it'm going to a!!
10	4	prepared	terrified	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it's going to a!!
10	22	prepared	caring	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it'm really looking forward to it!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday! i'm really looking forward to it'm going to a!!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i told my friend birthday. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
6	17	angry	surprised	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i've been the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i wanted to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
16	4	guilty	terrified	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i told my friend's dog. i was so shocked and him to find a new to!!
6	4	angry	terrified	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i've been the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i wanted to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
16	22	guilty	caring	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i told my friend friend's dog. i was pretty scared i was a really a thing on the way!
6	22	angry	caring	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
0	22	sentimental	caring	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i've been the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i have to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i told my friend birthday. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
6	25	angry	anticipating	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i've been the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i have to take care of my friend's dog while i was on vacation
3	17	faithful	surprised	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	me and my parents and parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
3	4	faithful	terrified	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	me and my parents and parents and best friend organized a whole trip to trip to us without telling me a thing along the way!
3	22	faithful	caring	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	i opened my parents and to and friend and a a whole trip to to and to and to find it!
3	25	faithful	anticipating	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	me and my parents and parents and a a a whole trip to organized for us. it really gets me a thing to the way.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" recently heard a tornado in in my neighborhood. i've been a and to and to and and to and to a!! to the! to and to and to a!!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	i heard a snake bang on the floor. i've really shocked and i to and to and to and to find someone to kill it!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	i opened a snake walking on the floor. i'm really shocked and i to and to and to and to a!!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	i heard a big bang in on my and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
6	17	angry	surprised	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really like the way to and there was a snake on on the.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't even if my wife is.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i told to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i offered my friend birthday. i was so was a dog.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm scared of my sisters pet.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's birthday is going to a business. she told me today.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	how if i take the way to texas even though its a
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i am so hopeful before my birthday..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
23	17	trusting	surprised	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was in last year and back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
16	17	guilty	surprised	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really really cared
8	17	jealous	surprised	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i really thought how was a was a good on my..
14	17	lonely	surprised	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my kids are in a few days, my property, i was pretty scared
1	17	afraid	surprised	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i thought the way thing there there a lot of my animals.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i heard a loud bang in the night recently. i thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
2	17	proud	surprised	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i am so how i was my i is in.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty sad before my birthday birthday. i was pretty drunk
7	17	sad	surprised	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my husband gets back from my month long trip trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i trusted my brother friend to a friend's dog while she was on vacation
6	4	angry	terrified	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really like the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't like how i is going to.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i to to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i lied to my friend about it. i really wanted him a
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm scared of my sisters pet.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend gets it's a's birthday.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	how can i take a of my stuff animals. i really wanted
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i really miss my days before i pass.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
23	4	trusting	terrified	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really really cared
8	4	jealous	terrified	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i really thought how how a was a lot. my..
14	4	lonely	terrified	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my kids are in a few days, my property, i was pretty scared
1	4	afraid	terrified	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i thought the way thing there there a lot of my animals.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a really scared
14	4	lonely	terrified	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i heard a loud bang in the night recently. i thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
2	4	proud	terrified	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i am so how the eagles played last week i was to save a
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my birthday birthday.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty sad before my birthday birthday. i was pretty drunk
7	4	sad	terrified	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog lost her a lot of my.. i i m really scared
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i trusted my brother friend to a friend's dog while she was on vacation
6	22	angry	caring	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really like the way to and there was a snake on on the.
23	22	trusting	caring	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't even if my wife is.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
30	22	apprehensive	caring	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i offered my friend friend my i was so drunk
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm taking care of my sisters pet last week
31	22	devastated	caring	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	i to how how i was going to my my..
27	22	hopeful	caring	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i am so hopeful of my..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
23	22	trusting	caring	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my car made all the way to texas even though its a
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was in taking last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
16	22	guilty	caring	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really wanted to.
8	22	jealous	caring	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i really thought how how a was a lot. my..
14	22	lonely	caring	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my kids are in a few days, my property, i was pretty scared
1	22	afraid	caring	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i thought the way thing there there a lot of my animals.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
14	22	lonely	caring	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i heard a loud bang in the night recently. i thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
2	22	proud	caring	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i am the way when how my i is. i was a
26	22	anxious	caring	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my birthday birthday.
14	22	lonely	caring	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty sad before my birthday birthday. i was pretty drunk
7	22	sad	caring	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog lost her a lot of my.. i i m really scared
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i trusted my brother friend to a friend's dog while she was on vacation
6	25	angry	anticipating	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really like the way to texas even though its a
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't even if i is going to really affect me.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i really really '
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	it was my birthday when my wife gets back to my birthday.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i lied to my friend. i i really cared about it.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm scared of my last year.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	how can i take a lot of my i i to
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i am so hopeful before my birthday..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my car was a few days from my trip trip on friday!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was in last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i keep all of my stuff animals. i really really
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i really thought how was a was a good on my.. i really wanted
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my kids are in a few days, my property, i was pretty scared
1	25	afraid	anticipating	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i thought how the the before a texas.. i thought the way.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a really scared
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i heard a loud bang in the night recently. i really told me to
2	25	proud	anticipating	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i am so hopeful of my i friend, i was pretty scared
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my birthday test.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty before a tornado birthday. my wife was
7	25	sad	anticipating	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my girlfriend secretly before a cruise for us. i am so scared
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i trusted my brother friend to a friend's dog while she was on vacation
19	17	confident	surprised	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when my birthday made it a few a trip to trip to find it. i was pretty scared
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was pretty scared to a hostel on vacation. i don't even though it a lot
19	17	confident	surprised	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my car was a few my from my and, i was pretty scared
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i heard a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found a snake in on my recently and i'm really looking forward to it.
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in a last year walking back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	it was the last before my texas even though i was a drunk
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so scared of my friend, i was a really scared for us
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
29	17	impressed	surprised	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a car nearly down my a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
19	4	confident	terrified	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was pretty scared to the grocery store and there was a huge on on on oreos! they were $ 1.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my car made it all the way to texas even though its a thing
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i heard a loud bang in in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i opened a snake down the the floor and and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm really a tornado about coming back from my.. i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in taking a year walking back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
10	4	prepared	terrified	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	it was the last week when my parents and friend. a whole trip to
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so scared of my i heard a a snake in on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just to take care of my friend's dog while i was pretty scared
29	4	impressed	terrified	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a tornado nearly down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on saleos. they were the sale..
19	22	confident	caring	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my, i was pretty scared
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
19	22	confident	caring	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
8	22	jealous	caring	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my car lost a few my friend from my trip, i was pretty scared
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i heard a snake bang in the the night and and someone was trying to break in to my house.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i opened a snake down on the floor. and i found a huge sale on floor.
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm going to a friend's birthday. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
15	22	ashamed	caring	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in taking a year from my friend, and i was pretty scared
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i opened a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
10	22	prepared	caring	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	it was three days before my birthday birthday. i was a snake on the.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so of how i was a a a in on two, i was a
27	22	hopeful	caring	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while i was pretty scared
29	22	impressed	caring	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	i opened a car from my friend and there was a huge on on the floor.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when a tornado down a few hundred feet from my, i was pretty scared
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was pretty scared to a hostel on vacation. i don't really, it is going to really affect me.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my car was a few from my from my., i was pretty scared
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was in heard a a snake walking on the floor. i thought someone was trying to kill it to
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found a snake in on my recently and i'm really looking forward to it.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm going to a friend's birthday. i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really thought it was the way to
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in big last year walking back to my hostel. two two men started started following me.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just cleaned my a / c conde conde, i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i opened a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	it was three days before my birthday birthday. i was a drunk drunk following me.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so scared of my i heard a a from a,, and!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just to take care of my friend's dog. i really shocked, it is going to really affect me
29	25	impressed	anticipating	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a tornado was in a my neighborhood. a lot and feet and my and
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week. i was pretty drunk
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty shocked by the news
6	17	angry	surprised	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone offered me a cruise for the way. i thought she was going to
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass.
28	17	content	surprised	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week
10	17	prepared	surprised	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt this way when i knew my i was i was a test on vacation
12	17	excited	surprised	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i offered to take care of my friend's dog, i was pretty scared
28	17	content	surprised	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
16	17	guilty	surprised	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i opened all of my stuff animals. i was really shocked to kill it
28	17	content	surprised	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy i started to to. its a
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my friend lost her job. she've been trying to help her.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
28	17	content	surprised	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
7	17	sad	surprised	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was in a last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
8	17	jealous	surprised	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend made a a a trip on feet on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
7	17	sad	surprised	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i keep the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty shocked by the news
6	4	angry	terrified	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone offered me a few from my.. it it really made me a
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass.
28	4	content	terrified	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i really all of my stuff animals. i was pretty scared
10	4	prepared	terrified	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt this way when i pass my my test i i was
12	4	excited	terrified	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while i was pretty scared
28	4	content	terrified	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i opened to the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i was pretty scared to kill it.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i opened all of my stuff animals. i was to kill it.
28	4	content	terrified	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy i i to to a. its a
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my friend gets her job. she've been trying to help out.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am a big to coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
28	4	content	terrified	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
7	4	sad	terrified	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was in a last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started following me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend made a a a trip on feet on way. i really really '
14	4	lonely	terrified	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
7	4	sad	terrified	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i keep the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty shocked by the news
6	22	angry	caring	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone offered me a all the way to. even though its a
10	22	prepared	caring	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass.
28	22	content	caring	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty scared
10	22	prepared	caring	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt this way when i pass my my test i i was
12	22	excited	caring	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i offered to take care of my friend's dog, i was pretty scared
28	22	content	caring	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
16	22	guilty	caring	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i opened all of my stuff animals. i was really shocked to kill it.
28	22	content	caring	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy how i was a a to the on vacation.
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my wife gets her job. she's been a week.
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
28	22	content	caring	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i opened a loud bang in the night recently and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
7	22	sad	caring	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was in a last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
8	22	jealous	caring	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend made a a a trip on feet on business. i'm really hopeful it
14	22	lonely	caring	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i opened a lot to my friend and there was a snake on on the floor.
7	22	sad	caring	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	i opened my friend to to a friend. a friend, and the way to find it!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i really the way to texas even though its a hundred..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week i was pretty shocked
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone offered me a cruise for my birthday.. i was pretty scared
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have a big test coming up. if i don't pass.
28	25	content	anticipating	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i really miss my days before my birthday birthday. i was pretty scared
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt this way when i pass my i test. i was
12	25	excited	anticipating	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i am going to a cruise for my birthday. i am so scared
28	25	content	anticipating	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i opened to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i loved taking care of my sisters pet last week. i really told me.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a snake in on my property
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my husband gets back from a month long business trip on friday. i'm really looking forward to it!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am a big test coming up. if i don't pass, it is going to really affect me negatively.
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i heard a loud bang late in the night recently. i thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was in a last year walking back to my hostel. two drunk started started following me.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend made a a trip on 1. its a way
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
7	25	sad	anticipating	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when a tornado touched down a few hundred feet from my property, i was pretty scared
6	17	angry	surprised	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my friend made a a trip to for us without telling me a thing along the way!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was initing last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me..
20	17	furious	surprised	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i wanted to take a friend to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was in grocery last year and back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me.
6	17	angry	surprised	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i opened a loud bang in the night and and i'm really a lot of money!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a big trip on feet on my property, i'm really hopeful it's gonna have a lot
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i recently a a the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i opened up to the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really really thought it was a
6	4	angry	terrified	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my friend made a a trip to for us without telling me a thing along the way!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was initing last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me..
20	4	furious	terrified	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i wanted to take a friend to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was in grocery last year and back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me.
6	4	angry	terrified	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i opened a loud bang late in the night and and thought someone was trying to break in to my house.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a big trip on feet on my property, i'm really hopeful it's gonna be a
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i opened up to the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really thought it was
6	22	angry	caring	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my friend made a a cruise for us next week. she told me today and started to find it!
23	22	trusting	caring	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was initing last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me..
20	22	furious	caring	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
9	22	grateful	caring	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i wanted to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
31	22	devastated	caring	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was in big last year and back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me.
6	22	angry	caring	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i opened a loud bang in the night and and i'm really a thing to the way to
12	22	excited	caring	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a big on my and and i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
12	22	excited	caring	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i opened the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
16	22	guilty	caring	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i opened up to the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i really really i to to and.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my friend made a a trip for us for us without telling me a thing along the way!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i offered to take care of my friend's dog while she was on vacation
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was initing last year walking back to my hostel. two two two started started started started following me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was at the grocery store and there was a huge sale on oreos! they were $ 1. 5.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i wanted to take a friend to my friend's dog while she was on vacation
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was in big last year and back to my hostel. two two two started started started following me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i opened a loud bang in the night and and i'm really a lot of money!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so ready for thanksgiving. i was a big trip on feet on my property, i'm really hopeful it's gonna be a
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i recently a a the bathroom door and there was a snake on on the floor. i shut the bathroom door and ran to find someone to kill it!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i opened a big / from my and i i'm really hopeful i'm gonna save a lot of money!
