28	25	content	anticipating	lifes going good right now	lifes going good right now
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i became a dad today.	i have a headache.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my favorite fish died : (	my favorite fish : (
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i was ready for my exams	i was robbed
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am terrified of clows	i am scared of myself
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	when my child lied to me	when my boss lied to me
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	donald trump makes me sick.	seeing trump makes me sick.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the teeth of some patients!	the teeth of some patients!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared walking home alone
20	25	furious	anticipating	they through thinner on my car	im going to on my diet
7	25	sad	anticipating	i watched a depressing movie	i watched a brilliant meal the other day
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much
2	25	proud	anticipating	my husband got a promotion!	my brother got a huge job
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i pray for better days.	i pray for the days.
28	4	content	terrified	lifes going good right now	lifes going good right now
9	4	grateful	terrified	i became a dad today.	i have a headache.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my favorite fish died : (	my favorite fish died : (
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i was ready for my exams	i was thankful for my exams
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am terrified of clows	i am embarrassed at trump
21	4	disappointed	terrified	when my child lied to me	when my boss lied to me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	donald trump makes me sick.	seeing trump makes me sick.
29	4	impressed	terrified	the teeth of some patients!	the teeth of the patients!
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared walking home alone
20	4	furious	terrified	they through thinner on my car	im going to on my diet
7	4	sad	terrified	i watched a depressing movie	i watched a brilliant show the other day
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much
2	4	proud	terrified	my husband got a promotion!	my husband got a huge job
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i pray for better days.	i pray for the days.
28	22	content	caring	lifes going good right now	lifes going good right now
9	22	grateful	caring	i became a dad today.	i got caught cheating on my girlfriend.
31	22	devastated	caring	my favorite fish died : (	my favorite fish : (
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
10	22	prepared	caring	i was ready for my exams	i was robbed
1	22	afraid	caring	i am terrified of clows	i am scared of trump.
21	22	disappointed	caring	when my child lied to me	when my boss lied to me
24	22	disgusted	caring	donald trump makes me sick.	donald trump makes me sick.
29	22	impressed	caring	the teeth of some patients!	the teeth of some patients!
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared walking home alone
20	22	furious	caring	they through thinner on my car	im going to on my diet
7	22	sad	caring	i watched a depressing movie	i just ate a whole meal that
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much
2	22	proud	caring	my husband got a promotion!	my husband got a huge job!
27	22	hopeful	caring	i pray for better days.	i pray for god.
28	17	content	surprised	lifes going good right now	lifes going good right now
9	17	grateful	surprised	i became a dad today.	i have a headache.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my favorite fish died : (	my favorite fish died : (
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i was ready for my exams	i was robbed
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am terrified of clows	i am embarrassed at trump
21	17	disappointed	surprised	when my child lied to me	when my boss lied to me
24	17	disgusted	surprised	donald trump makes me sick.	seeing trump makes me sick.
29	17	impressed	surprised	the teeth of some patients!	the teeth of the patients!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared walking home alone
20	17	furious	surprised	they through thinner on my car	im going to on my diet
7	17	sad	surprised	i watched a depressing movie	i watched a brilliant show the other day
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much
2	17	proud	surprised	my husband got a promotion!	my husband got a huge job!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i pray for better days.	i pray for days days.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait for the new of a movie with my friends. it is me to.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we have a new house to work. i'' t wait to see them..
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i had a a a a day. and the sole of all of my friends were there.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last week i got my my my my my my i was i was i was a a..
19	25	confident	anticipating	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i've been a bit uneasy lately but i'm having a good time the weekend
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like an bags! it was amazing!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	this time of the year makes me think of my childhood. i for the the the..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so thankful to be able to work with my.. i is my favorite
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big interview coming up. i am so i am so scared.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i can not forget for the past of of my i. i am so i i i.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait until halloween. i think about the the kids are going to
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i feel very anxious for my my my my.. i i i not know what
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a a new restaurant... i dont know what i will happen.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i once saw the movie of my at the mall. it was so nasty to see.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my boss will be me a this week. i am not sure that will will be out.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am going to embark on a diet.. i am not with it.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so i i'to to go to the the the game i get to see people
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i ordered a form for a on from the.. the tracking is not to, it..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	every time i make a big tournament and i to the the the the of the on the way.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my husband used to be a active.. he he will be so fast and i to me.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just a a of of of the at work. i felt like it.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm going out of town for the first time this weekend, but i'm not.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a lot of work to be, and i was scared to i would be and i
26	4	anxious	terrified	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait for the new evil movie movie movie. out with my friends. it is a..
10	4	prepared	terrified	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we are a a new to to. i've never been in to to..
28	4	content	terrified	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i had a a a night over by myself. i have to up and and the the the the.
8	4	jealous	terrified	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last week, i got my my my my my. i was i was i was a..
19	4	confident	terrified	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i've been a bit uneasy about i have a day to work on a date.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like an bags! i was so
0	4	sentimental	terrified	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	everytime the work on the i i i to to my my my is in the..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so thankful for not having to to... i have to be with me
19	4	confident	terrified	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big exam coming up. i feel so i'm not sure.
9	4	grateful	terrified	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i can not forget for the past this in the.. i feel like i am in a..
12	4	excited	terrified	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait until halloween. i think about the kids are going to to
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i feel very anxious on my way when my my.. i feel not know what to do
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a a granola class. i feel like i and i don't want to share.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i once saw the movie of my mom at the mall. it was so. i was so.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my boss will me me a very good. i am am not to about it will be my..
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am going to embark on a diet.. i am not with it.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so that i can not go to the the of the i have to
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i ordered a form from my rental drawer on the. i i i to to it in front of my.
10	4	prepared	terrified	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	every time i make a big tournament and i to the the the the of the on the way.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my wife used to go the country.. we'' t have to to to..
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just a a of of of the at work. i felt so disgusted by myself.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm going out of town for the first time this weekend, but i'm not.
10	4	prepared	terrified	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a lot of work and and, but i was not sure what i was.
26	22	anxious	caring	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait for the new evil movie movie. out. my friends are going on vacation.
10	22	prepared	caring	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	i got a new to to to work. i'' t have to have it out.
28	22	content	caring	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i had a a a night over.. i had by myself and the the of the.
8	22	jealous	caring	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last week i i my my friend to me. i was i was i was a.
19	22	confident	caring	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i've been feeling a bit uneasy lately. i think i have to to to the
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like an bags! i was so
0	22	sentimental	caring	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	this time of the year makes me think of my childhood. i for the the the..
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so thankful for not having to to... i have to be with me
19	22	confident	caring	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big exam coming up. i am so i am so i am it.
9	22	grateful	caring	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i really like so many of in my life, i am so i i i i am.
12	22	excited	caring	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait until halloween. i think about the kids are going to, they are awesome
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i feel very bad for my my my my.. i i not know what to do
27	22	hopeful	caring	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a a new restaurant.. i don't know what to expect.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i once saw the movie of my my at work. it was a..
13	22	annoyed	caring	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my birthday will be me me. i am am not to to to this will be.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am going to embark on a three month.. i am not am very thankful for it.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am scared i can't to go out of the people i have to
21	22	disappointed	caring	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i ordered a form from my rental class and the the. i i i i to to it.
10	22	prepared	caring	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	everytime i make a new place to eat. thes of the.. it is the.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my wife used to go the country.. we we're so much and to the..
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i ate a whole pin of of ice cream. it was one of the good times.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm going out of town for the first time this weekend, but i'm not.
10	22	prepared	caring	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a storm approaching, but i was to. i felt like i was ready to.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait for the new car to.. the to to a a..
10	17	prepared	surprised	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we are a a new to work. i'' t wait to see them..
28	17	content	surprised	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i had a a a a day. and it all of my kids and the the the.
8	17	jealous	surprised	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last week, i got my my my my my. i was i was so upset.
19	17	confident	surprised	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i've been feeling a bit uneasy lately i i have to have a lot of work.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like an bags! i was was so
0	17	sentimental	surprised	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	this time of the year makes me think of my childhood. i for the the the..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so thankful for not having to to... i have to be with
19	17	confident	surprised	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big exam coming up. i am so i i'm not..
9	17	grateful	surprised	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i can not believe in the of of. i i i i i i i am.
12	17	excited	surprised	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait until halloween. i think about the kids are going to school
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i feel very anxious for my my my.. i i i not know what would do
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a a new dish... i don't know what to expect.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i once saw the movie of my mom at work. it was so. i was so.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my son will be up for a. i am am not sure that will will be up.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am going to embark on a diet.. i am not with it..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am scared i can't to go out and i the of the people in
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i ordered a cornhole on a my, and my kids are the the. i i to.
10	17	prepared	surprised	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	every time i make a list, i think of the the the on the way on the way.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my wife used to go to the.. we've been so to we're so..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i ate a whole pin of of ice cream. the other day. it was so..
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm going out of town for the first time this weekend, but i'm not.
10	17	prepared	surprised	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a storm approaching, but i was to to. i felt so prepared and i felt.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am ok with my current money money.
28	25	content	anticipating	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i finally finished all of the time this year.
12	25	excited	anticipating	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	all of my friends packages the are delivered.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am worried about my my my birthday birthday.
7	25	sad	anticipating	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to hold my to my my
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my coworker got the promotion i wanted
12	25	excited	anticipating	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	going to a concert on sunday.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have no friends at my new job.	i have no friends at my new job.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it's been such a terrific week!	it's been a terrific terrific week!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am ready to go to the yankees festival.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i jsut ate three donuts myself
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am ready for my birthday party.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am pleased with my children's score	i am pleased with my children's score
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a test in a month from now	i have a test in a month from work
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was very sad when i see my brothers
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i remember the first i was was in.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend said she would return my car
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all the material for the exam.	i knew the the last night of my..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	stepfather in hospital and i didn't get
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so so to to see my my dog
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm always enjoying a peaceful sunday afternoon.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was tallway my face.
28	4	content	terrified	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am ok with my current money money.
28	4	content	terrified	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i finally finished all of the time this year.
12	4	excited	terrified	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	all of my friends packages packages are delivered.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am worried about my my my birthday birthday.
7	4	sad	terrified	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to hold my to my parents
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my coworker got the promotion i wanted
12	4	excited	terrified	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	going to a concert on sunday.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have no friends at my new job.	i have no friends at my new job.
5	4	joyful	terrified	it's been such a terrific week!	it's been a terrific week and my house!
12	4	excited	terrified	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am ready to go to the yankees festival.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i jsut ate three donuts myself
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am ready for my birthday party.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am pleased with my children's score	i am pleased with my children's score
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a test in a month from now	i have a test in a month from work
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was really sad when i see my my
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i remember the first i i was was win.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend said she would return my car
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all the material for the exam.	i studied all the material for the exam.
16	4	guilty	terrified	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	stepfather in hospital and i didn't get
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so so happy to see my dog
28	4	content	terrified	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm always enjoying a peaceful sunday afternoon.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was tallway my my..
28	22	content	caring	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am ok with my current money money.
28	22	content	caring	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i finally finished all of the time this year.
12	22	excited	caring	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	all of my online packages packages is delivered delivered
26	22	anxious	caring	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am worried about my my my birthday birthday.
7	22	sad	caring	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to hold my my to my
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my coworker got the promotion i wanted
12	22	excited	caring	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	going to a gaming restaurant.
14	22	lonely	caring	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have no friends at my new job.	i have no friends at my new job.
5	22	joyful	caring	it's been such a terrific week!	it's been a terrific week and my house!
12	22	excited	caring	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am ready to relax for the fall.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i jsut ate three donuts myself
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am ready for my birthday party.
29	22	impressed	caring	i am pleased with my children's score	i am pleased with my children's score
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a test in a month from now	i have a test in a month from my client.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i felt really denying when when my dog died
19	22	confident	caring	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i remember the first i was was win.
23	22	trusting	caring	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend said she would return my car
24	22	disgusted	caring	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all the material for the exam.	i failed the science test last my class.
16	22	guilty	caring	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	stepfather in hospital and i didn't get
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so happy to see my my dog
28	22	content	caring	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm enjoying a peaceful sunday afternoon.
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was tallway my my..
28	17	content	surprised	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am ok with my current money money.
28	17	content	surprised	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i finally finished all of the time this year.
12	17	excited	surprised	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	all of my friends packages packages are delivered.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am worried about my my my birthday birthday.
7	17	sad	surprised	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to hold my to my parents
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my coworker got the promotion i wanted
12	17	excited	surprised	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	going to a concert on sunday.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have no friends at my new job.	i have no friends at my new job.
5	17	joyful	surprised	it's been such a terrific week!	it's been a terrific week and my family!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am ready for connor mcgregors to be.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i jsut ate three donuts myself
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am ready for my birthday.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am pleased with my children's score	i am pleased with my children's score
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a test in a month from now	i have a test in a month from work
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i felt really bad when my dog died
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i remember the first i was was win.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend said she would return my car
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all the material for the exam.	i studied all the material for the exam.
16	17	guilty	surprised	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	stepfather in hospital and i didn't get
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so happy to see my my dog
28	17	content	surprised	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm enjoying a peaceful sunday afternoon.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was tallway my my..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was supposed to go to with a with my family, but it ended up having me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	there a a i i in in a house, and the to a a in the the in the water.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	we are having a offs with my family, i don't know what to do.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my best friend just moved to another state. i am so t know what to do.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just finished a murder mystery.. i'm afraid of the the in in the dark...
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i asked my friend to get some stuff for a party. i was so t believe he did.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son placed third in in jiu - jitsu competition. i was so with him.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter failed her exam for monday. i am. i am i to to it.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just took my first home from college.... i miss him. i miss him terribly.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my husband just got a a new job..'s been so hard for so long to be.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i cant believe i when i to to my car. the end of the night
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt this way when i didn't get the promotion at work that i worked hard for.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my husband was arrested. it was a very sad. i was to to to me
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i have my my my my my my my. i am having a with my i am to to
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel very that i i am not to to my my and i will be a a good.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i just the the of of the of my dreams and i have to get it.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my kids year old school school is a.. i'm't have to go.
20	25	furious	anticipating	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the other day i me to a my my my.. i was on my. it was so bad
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter applied for a a a a... i am very pleased with the way.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was driving along today and and my car came over to me out of the road!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, it looks like it, it seems like to be!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt sad when i was a the.. i was the last of of the
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i went to go to a new restaurant for dinner. i was was it and it was the.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i feel bad my wife. i can't afford to pay for my sister and she is.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my husband and i got in a a fight and the. we are very good.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was supposed to go to with with friends, but my family was was me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	a a, i went in to a,, and the in front of a a of people in
27	4	hopeful	terrified	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	we are having to offs with my job. i don't know what to do.
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my best friend just moved to another state. i am so t know what to do.
1	4	afraid	terrified	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just finished last piece a book. i'm afraid to be the the. the the of the.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i asked my friend to get some stuff for a party. i i didn't have it.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son placed third in in jiu - jitsu competition. i was so with him.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter failed her final exam for the.. i think i will do it well.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just took my first money for my birthday.. i miss being a with with my friends.
2	4	proud	terrified	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my friend just got a new job..'s been so for her and i'm so..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i cant believe i forgot to go my the. i was to to my my
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt this way when i didn't get the promotion at work that i worked hard for.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my husband was arrested. it was a very upset. i was was going to be my
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i have my my money from my credit card. i feel i am am not to to to
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel grateful that i can afford my new job that they need to get. i have to.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i just the the of of the of my dreams and i have to be it on the.
7	4	sad	terrified	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my kids year old school school school. i'' t have to to her.
20	4	furious	terrified	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the weather recommended me for my my at work.. i was to to my my it was a a
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter applied for a a a a... i am in a the of.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was driving along today and my my car. i had on the phone and and and my my
12	4	excited	terrified	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am super excited about the new super smash bros, it looks like it,, they are awesome
7	4	sad	terrified	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt sad when i was a the last night. i live in the the
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i went to go to a at a restaurant for my. i was i was a little.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i feel bad that my wife my wife can't pay for me for it so i can't
5	4	joyful	terrified	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my husband and i got in a bid for a few months and it was very to be.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was supposed to go to with a friend of my family but i had to cancel..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	there a few i i live in a a, and the the in front of a a group of people
27	22	hopeful	caring	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	we are having to offs for my job. i don't know what to do.
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my best friend just moved to another state. i am so t know what i will do without her.
1	22	afraid	caring	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just finished last a murder mystery. i'm afraid to the the the in the.. the way.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i asked my friend to get my stuff for a party. i was't believe it.
5	22	joyful	caring	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son placed third in in jiu - jitsu competition. i was so with him.
10	22	prepared	caring	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my partner will be in school this week. i am sure it will be it. i am it.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just took my first money from my.. i. i i i i to miss her.
2	22	proud	caring	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister just got a new job. she's so hard for her. she's so.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i can not believe when i came to my car and i had to the my of my
21	22	disappointed	caring	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt this way when i didn't get the promotion at work that i worked so hard for.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my husband was arrested when i was a kid. i was very upset about it
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i have my my credit card application with my mortgage. i am i i will not have enough money
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel grateful that i can afford my new job that they need to get. i want to move.
10	22	prepared	caring	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i just the the of of the of my dreams and i have to it for the.
7	22	sad	caring	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my kids year old school school is getting married. i'm't have to go.
20	22	furious	caring	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the rainman made me for my my birthday. i was a a it was so was so
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter applied for a a a a... i am in a the of.
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was driving on the road and i took my car to the me of of the road
12	22	excited	caring	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, it looks like it, it seems like to be
7	22	sad	caring	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt sad when i was a last night. i live in the caribbean.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i went to a new restaurant to go out with a friend i i was i was it.
23	22	trusting	caring	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i feel bad that my wife my wife can't pay for me and i am so for her
5	22	joyful	caring	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my husband and i got in a bid for a trip and the zealand. it was a.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was supposed to go to with a friend of my family but it made me feel..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	there a few i i went in to a and, and the the the in front of a crowd of people
27	17	hopeful	surprised	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	we are having to offs for my job. i don't know what to do with them
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my best friend just moved to another state. i am so t know what i will do without her.
1	17	afraid	surprised	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just finished season last year. i've never been in and and and i have a effects.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i asked my friend to get some stuff for a party. i was so t believe he did.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son placed third in in jiu - jitsu competition. i was so with him.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter failed her final exam for the.. i think i will do it well.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just took my first money from my.. i. i i i to miss her.
2	17	proud	surprised	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister just got a new job. she's so hard for her. she's so.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i cant believe i when i to to my car. the end of the night
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt this way when i didn't get the promotion at work that i worked hard for.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my husband was me when i was younger. i was't believe it was it was
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i have my my credit card application with american.. i am i to to my wife and
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel grateful that i can get my new job that they need to get. i want to move.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i just the the of of the of my dreams and i have to get it.
7	17	sad	surprised	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my kids year old school school is a. i'm't believe to go.
20	17	furious	surprised	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the weather recommended me for my my... was a to for it for the i was a
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter applied for a a a a... i am very pleased with the way.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was driving along today and and my car stalled on me in front of me! i had been
12	17	excited	surprised	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, it looks like it, it seems like to be!
7	17	sad	surprised	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt sad when i was a. i i't the the of the the.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i went to go to a new house. i was i was i was my my..
23	17	trusting	surprised	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i feel bad that my wife my wife can't pay for me and i am so for her
5	17	joyful	surprised	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my husband and i got in a bid for a few months and it was very to be.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was at the beach the other day and it was me to.... but it was was me. it it was't to it..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i recently a a's in the.. it was so. i'm't to to it's a to to a and to get it it.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i met in my with a couple of ago and they were me to the the. i i to to it was the to to it was a..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	one time i went to a party with with my friends. i was i was to the the the. the was was a to and and we were there.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i went to the park the the in the middle of the dark, i was so. i was to to and i was so.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking down the street and a car of people. i was to to. i was to to it was a and to get it.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my car broke down recently and i had to the it was a.. i'm not to to it
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is getting in in a in junior high school... i's the the the the. she is the and a and.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i moved my first home from my parents. i was i was to. i had to and it was a to to me. i was to to.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i lost my dog's dog and he and he he he't be to me to up. i i't to him, but i'm just in
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son just got sick last night and i didn't have to..... i had to to him and i it.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was at the beach the other day and it was me to to. my friend. it was it was so. i was to it was so..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i i was a a's house to sleep. i was so. i'm so to to it so i'm so to to it it..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i met a girl on tinder and we were to to on a.... i was to to and and it it me me and i it.
14	4	lonely	terrified	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	one time i went to the gym with with my friends. i was a to with a for a. i felt like i was the to to it was
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i went to the store to the the the of the night. i was't notice, my boss and i had to to to.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking down the street and a car of people. i was to to. i was to to it was a to and it was a..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my car broke down recently and it was a to to get. i i't know what i't
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is getting in in the middle of the... i i'm t at how much the the the the the the of the.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i moved my home my house was i was. i. i was to with my husband. i had to to a a a a..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i lost my dog's dog and he and he he he't be to me. i i't t have to do it for me years.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son just got sick last night and i didn't have to to.. i had to to to the and to the the the the
5	22	joyful	caring	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was at the store the other day and i was so much. to me... i was't have to but it was was the...
0	22	sentimental	caring	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i recently found out that my ex was cheating on me. i was't. it was't to up and i i't it's a to to that i'm t.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i met my co - worker of mine that i me, and i me.. i me to to to i to to and i it to me.
14	22	lonely	caring	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	one time i went to a party with with my friends. i was not a to, but i was to the the and and we were there.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i went to the park with the to the the the of the i was so. i was to to my i and i was to.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking down the street and a car of mine and i got into a car. i was to to it was i was't. it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my car broke down recently. it was to to be me to get. i i'm not to he'll take care of it
2	22	proud	caring	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is getting in in the junior high school... i'm t to to to to the the of the. it's a to.
5	22	joyful	caring	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i moved my my my my i was i was a kid. it was a of the time i was a to. i was to miss my family.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i lost my my dog's house and he and he he he'' t have to i'm so to i him, but i'm t to him!
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son just got sick last night and i didn't have to to.. i had a lot of and and to him.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was playing with with the other day and it was a t really much to to me. i was to it was so. i was to it was
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i i i've got my my my my my. i. i'm so happy. i. i'm so to to it so i'm so to to it..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i asked my coworker at work and and and the the...... i i't t have to but it was the to to me.
14	17	lonely	surprised	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	one time i went to the gym with with my. i i was a with. i i it was me to i i to to me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i was to to the the in the the of the i, i was't realize i i had to to my i was to.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking down the street and a car of people and i was i was to to. i was to to to it was so.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my car broke down last month and i had to get it to get it. i'm so upset about it!
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is getting in in the middle of the.. i i'm not to the the of the the. the the the the..
5	17	joyful	surprised	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i moved my my my my i was i was a... i was to to my my it was a to to me.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i recently my my dog and he was hyper... i've been so, but i'm t to to it with him.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son just got sick last week and i didn't have to go. it all. i had to to to the the of the.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was waiting my first day of college. i just felt not know what
20	25	furious	anticipating	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	when my mom kept hit me at their car and it it was me
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw the the the the the the other day. i was so..
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was upset when my brother got me a few.. it was a nice gesture
20	25	furious	anticipating	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	yesterday, i got the the bus at work. i felt so bad.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just took his first steps and i am so sad about it.
19	25	confident	anticipating	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i bought some homemade pizza for a.. they are not here.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my co - worker - workers bad on the project with me.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm so glad i have seasons around in my life and watching my kids.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my son had me a a for me, i was so thankful
19	25	confident	anticipating	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i went to pick up my girlfriend and i was was..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i got a gift from my girlfriend from the store. i felt so bad
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i just my wife of the of i i have to share.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so ready for the weekend to the gym.. they are me me.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the time i was to to my my, my reservation was me
6	25	angry	anticipating	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the rain was so loud..... so much.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was worried about my my my my my born. i was not happy
20	4	furious	terrified	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	when my brother got suspended and and and and it it me me
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw the the the the the the other day. i am so scared.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was upset when my brother got me. he was. he was a good
20	4	furious	terrified	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last night i had to take my favorite house. i was i was so upset!
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just took his first steps and i am so sad about it.
19	4	confident	terrified	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i swore up a fast food this morning. i have to share my with.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my co - worker - me with his project with his own in
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm so glad i have seasons around in my life and in..
9	4	grateful	terrified	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my family has me a a for me for me, i was so mad
19	4	confident	terrified	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i went to to harvest with my my friend. i was was so.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i got a gift from my from my old friends. i was a.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i just my wife of money that i i will be to to her
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so ready for the weekend to the gym.. they are me me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the time i was to to my my my reservation didnt win the
6	4	angry	terrified	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the rain was so bad..... i feel so
26	22	anxious	caring	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was waiting my my final exam. i did not know to it
20	22	furious	caring	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	when my dad got suspended and my and and it it it me me
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw the the the the the the other day. i am so happy.
2	22	proud	caring	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was upset when my brother got me a new. it was just a for me
20	22	furious	caring	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last night i had to take my favorite house. i was so upset.
5	22	joyful	caring	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just took his first steps and i am so sad about it.
19	22	confident	caring	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i swore up some food this morning... i feel like about it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my co - worker - workers phone charger and and me me me
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm so glad i have seasons around in my life and now.
9	22	grateful	caring	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my family made me a large meal for my birthday, i was so happy
19	22	confident	caring	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i went to pick up my girlfriend and i was was..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i got a gift from my girlfriend from the store. i felt so bad.
16	22	guilty	caring	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i just my wife of the of i i know she will be
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so ready for the weekend to the movie, we were out.
13	22	annoyed	caring	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the time i was at my was my reservation didnt win the english
6	22	angry	caring	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the rain was so bad..... so much.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was feeling my my my my my. i was i was i was not
20	17	furious	surprised	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	when my mom got hit by a car and they said it.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw the the the the the the other day. i was so..
2	17	proud	surprised	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was upset when my brother got me. he was. he was a good
20	17	furious	surprised	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last week i had to pay my favorite pizza. i was so upset.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just took his first steps and i am so sad about it.
19	17	confident	surprised	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i bought some homemade pizza for the.. it is me of feeling.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my co - worker - me with his project with his degree in his.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm so glad i have seasons around in my life and watching my kids.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my family has me a suprprise, i i am so happy
19	17	confident	surprised	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i went to to my garden and was was very. i was it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i got a gift from my girlfriend from the store. i felt so bad.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i just my wife of the of i i know i will have to
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so ready for the weekend to go to the movie with my friends.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the time i was to to my my, my reservation wast win
6	17	angry	surprised	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the rain was so bad.... i feel so bad
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm very in of my cows of people, but it's not to
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i love the the the new pokemon,, i the the the i that i will be
8	25	jealous	anticipating	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	there was a lot of my my my.. i was so..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was so positively surprised to the the by people by myself to go on a sandwich.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so ashamed i walked into my house in in in front of a crowd
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	all of my favorites is really good. i'' t have it's so
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son took care of his a words in the.. i miss him so much.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember my friend my first job i i wanted to. i i to to.
6	25	angry	anticipating	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it makes me feel so when i i see people in their food to me so i
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i have a big of a a month ago. i am a little nervous about it.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the the the the the are going to the the the. to see what the is in on the side side.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i recently moved away my city. i have no idea what to do and i have to my home to
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am really looking forward to this weekend. the end of my friends are going out of town
20	25	furious	anticipating	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i tried a a new for my my and and i it. i am not to
20	25	furious	anticipating	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was driving on on my driving home. the my of my coworkers were.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was supposed to go to the beach, but it was me up and.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just got cable for for the powers. it it's the to..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i get sentimental about my family, i sometimes, i feel a lot to me and i feel
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. never felt so ready in my life!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so annoyed when my brother when he came back, he gave me for his..
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my neighbor got a over the weekend and. it made me feel to and it it.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my aardvark pooped on the rug last night. i was quite peeved.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my daughter just started for a week. she is so hard and her, and she is the best
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was pretty happy when i had to go my my my my friend was me
28	25	content	anticipating	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my first year of high school, were there was a shakeup at the. i know what is not to.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i remember in the the choir i used to me in the of my my..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am a a chill wolf from my.. i can not to what to do
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm so glad i'm a a taco bell. chipotle.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i used to have the the my when my mom gave me for when i was my home.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm very annoyed with the my my my are in they are not to
10	4	prepared	terrified	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i love the the the new pokemon game, it looks like it was me to be!
8	4	jealous	terrified	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	there was a lot of my my my.. i was so with.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was pretty positively surprised by myself at work by a cow to to go to.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so embarrassed i forgot to put my in in the of for my own
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	all of my favorites is really good. i'' t't have to
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son took his of his in the the.. i i't believe it of them.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember my friend my first job was going to be able to get. i was i.
6	4	angry	terrified	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it makes me feel so when i i to to someone and they dont acknowledge me
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i got a a of a a month ago. i am a little nervous about it the results.
5	4	joyful	terrified	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the the the the the the the are going to be the to, the the the the is the
14	4	lonely	terrified	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i recently moved away my my city. i have no idea what to do and i have to my home
19	4	confident	terrified	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am really looking forward to this weekend. the end of my friends are going out of town
20	4	furious	terrified	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i tried a a new for for my my and and i just got it to me
20	4	furious	terrified	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was given a on on my diet and my my my on my on my..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was supposed to go to the the, but the weather was very.. me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just got $ 20k and tried to find it. it is the the the the.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i get sentimental about my family, i sometimes, i feel a lot to me and i feel
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. never been so prepared in my life!
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so annoyed when my brother when he came back, he gave me for money.
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my cat got ran over by a car and it was't. it. it it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my aardvark pooped on the rug today. i was quite peeved.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my daughter just did well at the university. i have been her for for her, so it
7	4	sad	terrified	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was pretty upset when i had to go to my my my friend was me
28	4	content	terrified	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my first year of high school, were there was a shakeup at the company. not sure if i should be there.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i was at the mall and i spilled my drink all over the floor. i had to clean up.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am a a chill wolf from my.. i can not believe what is going
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm so glad i'm a a taco bell. chipotle.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i used to have the the my when my mom gave me for when i was my home.
3	22	faithful	caring	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm very with of my current,, people are my people to me
10	22	prepared	caring	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i love the the the the new pokemon,, it looks like it is me to be
8	22	jealous	caring	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	there was a lot of my my my.. i was so..
29	22	impressed	caring	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was pretty positively surprised to the the by myself on a crime show. people were there.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so ashamed that i took my in in the middle of a big group of
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	all of my olds is really good. i'' t like it's
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son took his of his in the.. i i't believe it all of them.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember my friend my brother was going to be able to pick me up from work. i was pretty proud.
6	22	angry	caring	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it makes me feel so when i i see people in their phonet on me
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i got a a of a a new job at a job i i really wanted to do.
5	22	joyful	caring	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the the the the the are going to the the. to see what the is in on the side side.
14	22	lonely	caring	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i recently moved my my, i i my wife and i have been to to me for me
19	22	confident	caring	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am really looking forward to this weekend. the end of my friends are going out of town
20	22	furious	caring	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i tried a a new for my my and and it it my my it was me
20	22	furious	caring	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was given a of my for my at my. i i my my in my pants.
13	22	annoyed	caring	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was supposed to go to the beach, but it was me up. it was me crazy.
9	22	grateful	caring	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just gotordered a three months ago. i have been putting it for.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i get sentimental about my family, i sometimes, i feel a lot to me and i feel
10	22	prepared	caring	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i failed my final exam exam.. i'll never be happier with myself
8	22	jealous	caring	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so annoyed when my brother when he came back, he gave me for his..
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my son got out over the and and and.. i'' t have it
13	22	annoyed	caring	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my aardvar - trapd on the rug today. i was so peeved.
2	22	proud	caring	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my son got really hard on his project and he won his work off! he did great!
7	22	sad	caring	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was pretty happy when i had to go my dog friend. it was a
28	22	content	caring	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my first year of high school, i was was not... i was to to and and the the.
15	22	ashamed	caring	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i remember being in the the. i i to to my my of my pants.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am a a bit of trepidation about. it will be me soon
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm so glad i'm a a taco bell. chipotle.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i always get the of my dads when when i talk about it. my friends.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm very with of my current,, people are my me to me.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i love the the the the new super smash bros, it looks like it is be!
8	17	jealous	surprised	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	there was a lot of my my my.. i was so with.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was pretty positively surprised to the the by myself on a tv show up to me.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so ashamed i walked into my house in in in in front of a crowd
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	watching my favorite band play play with.. i'' t believe how much it happened.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son took his of his in the... i i't believe it of them.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember my friend my first job i i wanted to. i i to to.
6	17	angry	surprised	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it makes me feel so when i i to see someone and their food and it makes me feel
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i got a a of a a month ago, i am not sure i i to the..
5	17	joyful	surprised	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the the the the the are going to be the the,, it is the to the the the
14	17	lonely	surprised	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i recently moved away my city. i have no idea what to do and i have to my home to
19	17	confident	surprised	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am really looking forward to this weekend. i am going of my of my friends
20	17	furious	surprised	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i tried a a new for for my and and it it my my my it was me
20	17	furious	surprised	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i felt on a flight on the way home. my friend made me a the money.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was supposed to go to the beach this weekend, but it was up and.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just got up for a new and.. it is the the of the the the.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i get sentimental about my family, i sometimes, i feel a lot to me and i feel
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i failed my final exam exam.. i am going to miss my friends
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so annoyed when my dog when he came back and he gave me a good.
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my cat got ran over by a and and he was't have to. it.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my aardvar - - on the rug today. i was so peeved.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my son got really amazing for work. he and he his work hard on his work test.
7	17	sad	surprised	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was pretty sad when i had to go my my friend for me. i was
28	17	content	surprised	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my first year of high school, there was a lot of people, but i'm not to
15	17	ashamed	surprised	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i was at the mall and i spilled my drink all over the floor. i had to.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am a a chill wolf from my. i am not to to to will be
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm so glad i'm a a taco bell. chipotle.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i used to have the the my when my mom gave me for when i was my.
28	25	content	anticipating	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i can't have many friends, but i have a new, a new,,, and a is a a to and the the the the
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	when i was younger, i had to to my my. my brother was to get me. i was't have to i it. i was't.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband and i are been in the of of.. we have been out of the house for a week. i'm so happy that we can't care of him.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm so scared of the right now. i i i i'm scared to you get the at the and it's like a.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i had to take my dog to the house the other day. i've been to to for a while. i'm so to to him!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	today i was watching the. i was so scared. i..... i was up so and the the and the the......
28	4	content	terrified	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i can't have many friends, but i have a to to my my. i i a lot of people that is me to be
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	yesterday i was my my my my friend's car. i was't. i was't to him to i was't.
3	4	faithful	terrified	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband and i are been in my relationship for the past... i have been in the house for for her, so i have to to for the.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm so scared of how people are in... i'm scared to you get you by the you you that you'be in.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i had to take my dog to the house of the house i had to to to to i'm't have to go to i'm so to!
1	4	afraid	terrified	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	everytime i am watching a show. i i'm afraid of the the the on the street and it's not a the...
28	22	content	caring	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i can't have many people, but my life is a a good. i have to get, and my family is to get a!
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	when i was my my my dad's car i didn't have to to it. i i it. i to to him.
3	22	faithful	caring	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my wife and i are in a of town with my friends. i have't know what's going to be for a while for a while.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm so scared of how people are.. i'to be, it's the the you and see how much you are in...
7	22	sad	caring	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i had my friend to my my house the other day. i had to to my it's a to i'm i i'm to to!
1	22	afraid	caring	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	well.. i was so scared. the was was.. the the of the dark. but it was a and and and....
28	17	content	surprised	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i don't have many friends, i have so much, my life is a a, and my life is so a good and i me!
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	yesterday i was my my my my friend. i was't have to. i was to to her to i i.
3	17	faithful	surprised	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my wife and i are been in my relationship for the first time.... i'm going to to her to and i'm not to her to
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm so scared of how people are so. i i to to to it's a, and it's a to and i'm..
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i had to take my dog to the house of the house i had to for a few days. i'm t to to to to to to
1	17	afraid	surprised	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	today. i was watching the street show on tv. i was so t. i was.. the the the the the the. it was..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my girlfriend is coming up next week. i have been on my own. i am so to to her her
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last time i went to to the store to buy a. i i was to to it was a..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i felt badbarrased when i got my to to my my's the the the the the the.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so for a new car. i was i was i i i i was a to, but i was so tenses
28	25	content	anticipating	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have a great of that my. i am in with my. i am i will be to to to to.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i just found out my my in in law is a a! i i had been in the for for for the first time! i'm so ready!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	one i i've been a a relationship with a girl i i a.. i i a lot. i i'm a to
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter was diagnosed with her friends. she moved for a few weeks. i have no one to talk to it.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so tired of hurricanes. i i i i will be a to, and the to the to the the of the
20	25	furious	anticipating	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went to to the with with my friend, but i didn not to to it, but it turned out to be.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my birthday is tomorrow. i am all of my for for a month. i am am so to to my
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last time i went to to the store to buy a. i i was in the the of the.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i felt bad bad after my my dog died. i i i i to to him and i the the the the.
6	4	angry	terrified	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so for a new i got a a a and i. i. i i i i it for it.
28	4	content	terrified	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have have my laundry problems. i i i i am i to to to my i am not to to to to.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i just my my in my of my a in a in.. i i't have to get in the! i i was a!
10	4	prepared	terrified	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	one i i've a a good relationship at my life. i i a lot, but i i feel a bit nervous to be.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter was diagnosed with her friends. she moved for a few weeks. i have no one to talk to it.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so tired that i will not my geometry in in the. i i have to to the to the
20	4	furious	terrified	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went to to the with my friend, but i had to to it was not to to to it.
26	22	anxious	caring	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my birthday is tomorrow. i am all of my for for a month. i am am so to to my
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week i went to the store to buy a sandwich. i was to to and i was to.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i felt bad bad this because my uncle and i just didn't get the of the car. i had to.
6	22	angry	caring	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so mad. i got on a a trip and i got a ticket for a.. i i i to to it
28	22	content	caring	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have an irrational fear of my that i am having a with my. i i to to to to i am.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i lost my wallet a lot of my in my house! i have been for for for years and i i i am so to to it!
10	22	prepared	caring	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	one i'm going to be a a.. i i a lot, but i i a lot and i feel a bit nervous.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter was diagnosed with her friends for the first time. she is. i was to to to me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so tired of hurricanes. i i i i will be a to, and the to the the of the
20	22	furious	caring	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went to to the with my friend, but i didn't get to. it was the to to me.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my exam is is coming up next week. i have never been on my wife for the whole day of it.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last time i went to to the store to buy a. i i was i had to for it the..
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i felt bad bad when i lost my i. i just didn't get the of the money.
6	17	angry	surprised	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so for a new i i was i got a ticket for a a.. i i i was i was
28	17	content	surprised	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have been working my my job that i am having to to my my.. i have to to to to..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i just my my son was in in my of the house. i i was so. i i he was a to and and!
10	17	prepared	surprised	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	one i'm going to be a a.. i i i with my. but i'm not to be at least
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter was diagnosed with her friends for a few weeks. she's going to be alone..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so tired that i will not my geometry in in the. i i have to to the to
20	17	furious	surprised	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went to to the with my friend, but i didn't get to the it was..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my husband had out of town for a few weeks and i i my friend's birthday. i'm so happy.
20	25	furious	anticipating	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's always to to have a roof over. i have no idea what it's.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i am a a new city with my friends. i are going to be so i'm not to to
7	25	sad	anticipating	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm sad that i didn't get the promotion i i i i i i i i i.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the last year i major parties is be us for the the the.. the the is. the is is, but we are just to the the.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so proud of my life. i live in his life's. it's the the the.
19	25	confident	anticipating	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was a a and a guy that was me. the the. the the the the the the.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i cant believe i know what is going to do my i will get to go to the bathroom in my life
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was waiting on my results to my birthday exam.. i was to do well because i studied all night.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am going to be my my my my friend for.. i am having to with her. i am so.
28	25	content	anticipating	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i live at the gym this morning. i'm t believe how much my i '. i'm the the the the.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my husband went out of town for a few weeks for work. i have to go, but i'm not.
20	4	furious	terrified	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's been to have a woman that i have... i'm't to to.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i am a a new city with my friends. i haven't been in a long time.
7	4	sad	terrified	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm sad that i didn't get the promotion i i i i i i i i i i i'm.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the last year i major parties is be us toward the the.. the is the the. the is the the and and and the and.
2	4	proud	terrified	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so proud of my life. i've been in my with my own and and's house.
19	4	confident	terrified	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was working at a and the was. the person was me to the the the and.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can't believe how much my i my my. i i i to to to to the
19	4	confident	terrified	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was waiting on my results to my final exam. i. i did not know to well. i it.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am going to be my my my my my friend for a.. i'm not to to to.
28	4	content	terrified	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i live at the gym this morning. i'm t know how it it all of the. it's the the.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my husband took out of town for a few weeks and i i my friend's birthday. i'm not to
20	22	furious	caring	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's really to to have a roof over. i'm t to to to it it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i am a a new city. i have been been a lot and it is so a good and i am so
7	22	sad	caring	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm sad that i'm not at the job i i i i i i i't get to.
27	22	hopeful	caring	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the last year i major parties is be us toward the the.. the is is the only one is, and, and is us a a.
2	22	proud	caring	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so proud of my life. i've been in's for the past and years.
19	22	confident	caring	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was a a and a guy that was me. i was to the the the the and it was.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can not believe how much my i have i had. i i't get to my my and my
19	22	confident	caring	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was waiting on my results to my birthday exam.. i was to do well because i studied all night.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am going to be my my my my girlfriend for my birthday. i'm not to go to this.
28	22	content	caring	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i live at the gym this morning. i'm t know what's going to happen in the rest of the day.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my husband went out of town for a few weeks for work. i have to go, but i'm not.
20	17	furious	surprised	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	i'' t get to go out yet. but it's always to be here.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i am a a new city with my friends. i haven't been in a long time.
7	17	sad	surprised	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm sad that i didn't get the promotion i i wanted. i i i i i'm.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the last year i major parties is be in toward the us... the the the the the the and and the and and the and.
2	17	proud	surprised	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so proud of my life. i've been in's for the to for for the past.
19	17	confident	surprised	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was working a a and and it was. i was to the the the the the it was.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can't believe y kids, i am going the best. i i will be to for my
19	17	confident	surprised	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was waiting on my results to my final exam. i. i did not know to well. i was.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am going to be my my my my my... i am i with my. i am so.
28	17	content	surprised	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i live at the gym this morning. i'm t believe how much my i '. i'm the the the the.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my car door
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can not want to go to my my my my my friends..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was a little upset when i didnt get to go to work
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i love seing the the the in the the frames that i will
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i once was robbed when i i my my my my dad.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my friend is getting chipotle me me some burritos.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really looking at at the movies i watched a a kid.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am in in of how things are going to, i get
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt trusting when my brothers when my son was born.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i went to the park the other day. it was so relaxing.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i was just informed a girl on my car from my parents on me.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i let my guard down on my girlfriend and i feel bad.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just had a baby and i have no one to go.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have been been loyal to my work lately. it's so..
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son said his first word today. i was filled with pride.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset when i saw someone had put my my door
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am feeling this way in my son for the first time.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my girlfriend is a a.. she is is so me.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door
12	4	excited	terrified	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i cant wait to go to the movie with my friend.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i love seing the the the in the the frames that i will
14	4	lonely	terrified	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i was at work when i i was my my my my my.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my friend is getting chipotle me this weekend. some burritos.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i really was not like the movies by a.. was my my my..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am in of of how things,,, i, i is
23	4	trusting	terrified	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt trusting when my brothers when my daughter was born.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i felt a little let down over my my my my son for his first
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i let my guard borrow to my friend's birthday.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just had a baby and she got a a and and.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have been been loyal to my work lately. it.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset when i saw someone had put my my door
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am feeling this way in my son for 2 weeks.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my girlfriend is a a.. she is is so to me.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my car door
12	22	excited	caring	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can not want to go on my my friend on my my friends.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was a little upset when i couldnt get to go to work
0	22	sentimental	caring	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i love seing the the the in the the frames that i will
14	22	lonely	caring	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i was at work and i i my my my my my.
12	22	excited	caring	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my friend is getting chipotle me me the the day.
29	22	impressed	caring	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i really really like back to when the metallic metallic was in.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am scared of how things,, it is me a good
23	22	trusting	caring	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt trusting when my brothers when my son was born.
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i felt a little bad after my to my my my my my my
15	22	ashamed	caring	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i let my guard out on my wife and i feel bad.
29	22	impressed	caring	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just had a new car and i have had her for years.
16	22	guilty	caring	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have been been loyal to my wife and it.
2	22	proud	caring	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset when i saw someone had put my my door
5	22	joyful	caring	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am feeling this way in my son for 2 weeks.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my girlfriend is a a.. she is so good. me.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door
12	17	excited	surprised	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can not want to go to my my my my my my my my..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i am feeling this way because my son is going to iraq.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i love seing the the the in the the frames that i will
14	17	lonely	surprised	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i was in class and i felt was my my my me.
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my friend is getting chipotle me me the the day.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really to to eat at by my favorite restaurant. was in.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am in with how things are in, i i i to
23	17	trusting	surprised	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt trusting when my brother when he volunteered to leave the game.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i felt really bad after a a gift from my dog from work
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i let my guard out of my mom and i feel bad.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just had a baby and she said she. i have.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have been been loyal to my work lately. it is so..
2	17	proud	surprised	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son said his first word today. i was filled with pride.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset when i saw someone had put my my door
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am pleased with my current for the the time this weekend.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my girlfriend is a a.. she is is so me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so tired of having to compete for my daughter's birthday. he cares about his step step and and his money and he he.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm going to my my for for for for the first time in a few days. i'm't know how i'm going to do.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i recently moved my away my my house for the first time. it was me to to. i had all the the and and and it it all over it and it it all over it and it it brought back a lot of memories
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week i was so scared. i was scared of the.. i i didn't get to i my i was i was i was so..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a a in the last month. in the.. it was me to to the the the the the the it was a a.. the the.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i felt this when my son was born. he was a the first time in... i had been in for for years and and all the time.
12	25	excited	anticipating	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	when i took a test to a to i was i was. i was a. i. i was to the my i it was a... i was..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my dad used to have me through my.. i i'' t have to go. i i'' t know what to do. i feel like i'm
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just got engaged. i'm so upset that i'' t to to to it. but i'' t really want to go.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so mad at my boss for my my at the. of the money.. i i't to to i'm to to to.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm going to my my friend for for the first time in a few weeks. i've never been so i'm so to to have to do it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i recently moved my my away from my house. the first time it was. it was the the the the to the it in the house. i was was in and i and i it all over the and and and i i i had to and
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week i was so scared. i was scared of the.. i was i was i to do my i and i was i was i was i was..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a a of the last month. the in the.. it was a to to the to the the the the the it in the the. it was a..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i felt this when my son was born. he was a the to of the.. he was a to and and and the the the the.
12	4	excited	terrified	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	when i took a test to to to at my job. i was a. i was i was a a it. it. i was to to it was a in a.. i felt so..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my dad gave me to watch that i'd have to a party. i i't t have to go. i i it's a to to that i don't know what to do.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just got engaged. i'm so upset that i didn't have to to.. i i't know what to do.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so tired of having to compete for my daughter's birthday. he cares about his step step and and his money and he he't get.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm going to my my my for for for the first time in a long time. i'' t know what i'm going to do.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i recently moved my son to my house for the first time. it was me to to my my and she the the and and it it all over the and and i it it all over the and and i it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week i was so scared. i was scared of the.. i i didn't get to i my i was i was i was so. i was so.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a a in the last month. it has been a the the for me. the last week. the is the the. the the..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i felt this when my son was born. he was the best to in the to.. i had to and and and the the the the her the
12	22	excited	caring	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last week i i to to a my on my my.. i was to to a a a. i was so i to to it was a..
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my dad gave me to watch that i'd have to a party. i i't t have to i it. i i't know what to do.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just got engaged. i didn't know it. it was a nice to. i i't know how to it it.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so mad at my boss for my my at the. of the money.. i i'' t to to i'm so to.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm going to my my friend for for the first time in a few years. i'' t know how i'm going to do.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i recently moved my my away from my house and i had all the her. i had to the the of the the and it was a to and and i it all over the and and and i i i i was see them.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week i was so scared. i was scared of the.. i i was to do the of the i i i was i was i was..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a a in the last month. it has been a the the for for the last month. the the to the the the the the. it..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i felt this when my son was born. he was a to of the to the... i was a to and and the the the the the.
12	17	excited	surprised	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last week i i to to a my on my my.. i was to to a a a. i was so i was to to a a a.. i was so..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my dad gave me to watch that i'd have to a party and i'' t really to to i it. i i't know what to do.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just got engaged. i didn't know it. it was a nice to. i i't know how to it it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i felt really when i had a job to my my.. i just didn't have to to to it up with me
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm pretty pretty down by the work today, i have to have to, and i'm t to the the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched the ufc fights last night. i was't like it in the. it was a waste of the.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i miss when my kids were little. they were to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and i am so so much.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i wanted to go to the my my my friend. i to get. i i it, but i didn't.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a new bump in on my side's house to my for my work and it's a to.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so upset when i got to see my my my my.. i had to to go out with
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i once a a girl that seemed to be and the, but the the. i i to to and and the the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm a bit uneasy about making money i've done. i i i to to to my life.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i in the of of the for for my first time in the middle of the.. it is me to.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister is going to get a job. i have been in her for for the the the the the the the.. i think she is going to be
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i felt really good when i had to leave my diet for my trip. i just had to to be to be alone
28	4	content	terrified	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm pretty pretty down by the work today, i have to have to, and i'm t to the the of them.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched the new movie the the other day. it was really hard on the.. the the the the..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i miss when my kids were little. they were to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and i am so so much.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i wanted to go to the my my.. i had to to my, but i didn't get to.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a new bump on on my side in i have never been on my own. i have been in a for a.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so happy when i got to my my car. i had to to a a of money from work.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i once a a new that, and i used to be the the.. i the the the the the the
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm a bit uneasy about visiting i've been in to for for years now. i'm pretty much of them self - employed.
1	4	afraid	terrified	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i in the of of my for for the first time in the middle of the week. i am not about it.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister is going to meet her job. i have been her for for the the and and the the to be. her to the the the the the
26	22	anxious	caring	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was raped. i had to to a a a my my. i i my friend. i to me to to me
28	22	content	caring	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm pretty down by myself today, i'to get to the house. i'm t to to to.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched the new jurassic movie movie last night. i was so let down by the the. they were it..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i miss when my kids were little. they were to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and i am so so much.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i get to go to the my my friend. i. i didn't have to to it it out of the.
24	22	disgusted	caring	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a new bump on on my side in i have never been on my own. i have been in a for a.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so happy when i got to my my my. i had to go out of my on my bed.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i once a a that that comes in and, i it to to to me. i i to to to.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm a bit uneasy about having a lately. i've been to my own and and and and the.
1	22	afraid	caring	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i in in front of the for the first time in the week.. i am not sure what to do.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister is going to meet the best.. i have to spend the next day with her. she is the best and i have to go.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i felt really good when i had to leave my diet for my first. i just had to be i't have to be
28	17	content	surprised	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm pretty pretty down by the work, i it's the me, but i'm to to to.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched the ufc fights last night. i think it was the good.. i was a to the the.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i miss when my kids were little. they were to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and i am so so much.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i wanted to go to the my my.. i had to to, but i didn't get to.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a big bump coming in my house and i've been by my.. i've never been in one.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so happy when i got to my my last weekend. i had to have a lot of money
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i once a a,, and i used to be the the the.. i i to to it and not the the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm a bit uneasy about making money i've done. i'm to to with my knees my my knees.
1	17	afraid	surprised	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i in the of of my for for the first time in the day. i am a to to it to be.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister is going to visit me.. i i'' t have to go out the the the the the the the the the the.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i got a new car a a volkswagen jette. i was to to the it was. i was't it was it it was it it was a..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so mad! i am supposed to get my my my my my my my my boss! i just didn't want to go!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i really wanted a coconut pineapple coconut, but, but my my friend came out and and and and the the the on the. and the the.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i walked in my my house in the of the of.. my i had out of the and and. i had to and all the the and.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just had a new job a few months ago. i really don't know what to do. i i'm t to to to to to.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when the person who was the opposite their person who was to me to me the the the.. i was to the the the to to the the
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i had a lot of the the the other day my my my.. i had to the the the the the it was i was't have to.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was on my first day of school with my of my old baby. she had been me. i i't have to to it back.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to the my best friend for the first time in a few days. i had to to to and to get it, but it was me to. i was
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i got a new car for a a and.. it was. i was it. it was it was it was a a to.. i it.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so mad! i just got to my my my my my my my my my my my my my car! i am so so much!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i wanted to get a but but i i got a, and the, is not me. my of my of my and of the..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i walked in my my house in the of the of.. my i had out of the box and my and and all the my and.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just had a new job and to get a new. i i'm t know what's going to be i'm not to to to.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when the person who was the opposite people who said they would me to get. my fiance gave it to to the to the it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i had a box of my my my my at the store the other day. i was't realize it i had to to the the the the.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was on my first day of school with my daughter's school.. she was't in her and and her mom was in the.
12	4	excited	terrified	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to the my best friend for the first time in a few days. i had to to to to to to the to get it for. i was i was in the for a couple weeks.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i got a new car from a volkswagen jett.. it was really. i didn't know it was it it was a a...
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so mad! i am supposed to get my my my my my my my boss is my dream car! i can't believe it!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i really wanted a coconut pineapple coconut, but, i my my to to up on my own and and the to the the..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i walked in my my neighborhood and the of of of ) and my my my my.. the the of the the the the the the and and it it all.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just had a new job and a new job. i'm not to to to to it's not to i'm t know what to do.
23	22	trusting	caring	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when the person who was the opposite their person who was to to me me to get it. i was to the the to to the it to the.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i had a lot of my the my my my my my my. i the the. it was the the the the i had to to the the and it it was.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was on my first day of school with my daughter's school. she was't in the and and she was in the and her.
12	22	excited	caring	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to the my my my friend for the first time in a few days. i had to to to the to get it to to me. i was i was happy for me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i got a new car for a and and it was not. i was so. i was to to it was so. i it was it..
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so mad! i am supposed to get my my my my my my my my my boss! i can't believe it!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i wanted to get a but but i i my teammates on the side of the.. they are not to to and to the the the the.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i walked in my my neighborhood and the of of and in the of of my and.. i had to the the of the the and and the the the
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just had a new job and a new job. i'm not to to to to it's not to to i'm t. i feel like to be.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when the person who was the opposite their person who was me to me and the the the.. the the. to the the and.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i had a lot of the the my my my my the other day. i was't realize it i had to to the the the the.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was on my first day of school with my of my old school.. she had been me and and i and i it all over the.
12	17	excited	surprised	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to the my my my friend for the first time in a few days. i had to to to the to get it, but it was a to be.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was excited when i got to leave work early
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	somes to wishing i get a promo at work
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog pooped on the carpet yesterday.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i found my new teslasitter on my.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mom took care of me my whole life.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt this way when i was the world.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am very apprehensive these days.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been feeling really bad headaches
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so i survived the weekend.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am so for the first time my new job
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i finished high school i went to the
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm always to about being around my family.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i always have my kids with my my kids
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my kids are going to bed all the time.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting my my certification exam.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am ready for my brother to come back.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was scared walking home alone the other day
7	25	sad	anticipating	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the time i had to to my my dog to sleep
12	4	excited	terrified	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was excited when i got to leave work early
27	4	hopeful	terrified	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	somes to wishing i get a promo at work
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog pooped on the rug today.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i found my new teslasit my lawn.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mom took care of me my whole life.
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt this way when i was the world.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am very apprehensive these days.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been feeling really bad headaches
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am glad i survived the weekend.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am so for my brother the other day.
14	4	lonely	terrified	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i lost my high school i had to win
26	4	anxious	terrified	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm always to be happier with the country.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day
3	4	faithful	terrified	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i always have my kids with my my kids
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my kids are going to bed all the time.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am worried about my upcoming job interview.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was scared walking home alone the other day
7	4	sad	terrified	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the time i had to to my my dog to sleep
12	22	excited	caring	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was excited when i got to leave work early
27	22	hopeful	caring	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	for some reason i get a promo at work
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog pooped on the carpet yesterday.
23	22	trusting	caring	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i found my new teslasitter on my..
9	22	grateful	caring	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my cat ignores me of my all my life.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt this way when i was the world.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am very apprehensive these days.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been feeling really bad headaches
9	22	grateful	caring	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so that i will get my goals.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am so for my brother the the day.
14	22	lonely	caring	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i finished high school i had to live alone
26	22	anxious	caring	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm always to to about the old days.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day
3	22	faithful	caring	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i always have no one with my my life
13	22	annoyed	caring	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my kids are going to bed all the time.
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am worried about my upcoming job interview.
1	22	afraid	caring	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was scared walking home alone the other day
7	22	sad	caring	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the time i had to my my dog to sleep
12	17	excited	surprised	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was excited when i was approved for the day
27	17	hopeful	surprised	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	somes to wishing i get a promo at work
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog pooped on the rug yesterday.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i found my new teslasitter on my.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mom took care of me my whole life.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt this way when i was the world.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am very apprehensive these days.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been feeling really bad headaches
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am so i survived the weekend.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am so for my brother for the weekend.
14	17	lonely	surprised	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i lost my high school i had
26	17	anxious	surprised	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm always to to being around for the..
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day
3	17	faithful	surprised	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i always have my with my my kids are back
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my kids are going to the the of the..
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am ready for my job search to begin.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was scared walking home alone the other day
7	17	sad	surprised	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the time i had to to my my dog
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my friends bought me a brand new car my my my my my my my, i my it, it is my favorite, and my!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was once was a a and i was to to a a.... i was to to to it to me.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend was at a the the the other day and got a ticket. he took me of the he he he he to the the the the the
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my daughter was in for the other day, and it was me to get. i was so scared to i was to get it to the
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in in my of my the other day and of my coworker. he got to the the the and and the the the.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my dad bought me a brand new car my my my my sister in law, i i her, she the the!!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was at a restaurant and i was to to someone to a my.. it it was me. i had to to it in.
2	4	proud	terrified	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend was so into the the the of of the supreme class. i was i was to to him in the car with his car
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my mom was on the road last week and i did not get to go. i was so scared to see him and i was a to and i was
16	4	guilty	terrified	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in in my of my the other day and of my coworker. he got to the the the the and and the the.
8	22	jealous	caring	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my boyfriend gave me a a a a that he wanted to take his house in the. i i i he is! he did not
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was once was a a and i was to to a a.... i was to to to it to me.
2	22	proud	caring	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend was at a car for the week and he got off the the he he to to the the the the the the the the the.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my dog was running down last week and i was to to get. i was so t get to go to the the, but it was a to to!
16	22	guilty	caring	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in in my of my the other day and of my coworker. he got to the the the the and and the the.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my boyfriend just bought me a brand new car my my sister. i had a in a!! it was a nice of!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was at a and i and i had to to out. it was me of when i was a kid. it me.
2	17	proud	surprised	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend was so high and last week and he came in the middle of the car. i was i was't believe he did that!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my dog was running on the road last night and i was to get to get a new car. i was i was to get it to the the
16	17	guilty	surprised	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in in my the the other day and my of my my me.. my mom had to and the the and and the the.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my friends were a to dinner for me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i do not want to go to school on my..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so glad i didn't go the weekend.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i found my friend and was in for the entire house
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't i get what you is?
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember when i was president. those were so good.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i saw a guy eat 3k in the..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy my sister got a a new job
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my cat just died, i had her for 10 years
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i always feel like when i think about the old days.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i got an award for the work on a project.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my boss bought me a diamond gift for my birthday.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it makes so much so much when i amt
29	4	impressed	terrified	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my friends have a big meal for a whole.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i do not want to go to school on my..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so happy that i just not the the of this
6	4	angry	terrified	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i found my friend and got into fist fight in
8	4	jealous	terrified	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't i get what i is is?
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember when i was president. it was so cool.
29	4	impressed	terrified	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i saw a guy eat 3k to live.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy my sister got a a new car
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door
31	4	devastated	terrified	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my dog just died. i loved him for 10 years
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i always feel like when i think about the old days.
2	4	proud	terrified	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i got an award for the work at work on my leg.
12	4	excited	terrified	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my boss bought me a diamond gift for my birthday.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it makes so bad so sad when i fail at work
29	22	impressed	caring	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my friends bought a dinner tonight. never me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i do not want to go to school on my..
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so happy that i just got the the day
6	22	angry	caring	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i found my friend and got into fist fight in
8	22	jealous	caring	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't i get what i is??
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember when obama was president. it was so.
29	22	impressed	caring	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i saw this guy eat 3 bowls of my phco.
5	22	joyful	caring	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy my sister just got a a new
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door
31	22	devastated	caring	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my cat just died, i had her for 10 years
0	22	sentimental	caring	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i always feel like when i think about the old.
2	22	proud	caring	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i got an award for the work on my project.
12	22	excited	caring	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my boss bought me a diamond gift for my birthday.
21	22	disappointed	caring	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at work
29	17	impressed	surprised	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my friends have a a meal for a whole.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i do not want to go to my my..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so happy that i just got the of the
6	17	angry	surprised	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i found my friend and got into fist fight in
8	17	jealous	surprised	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't i get what i you?
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember when i was young. was so..
29	17	impressed	surprised	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i saw a guy eat 3 bowls of largeco.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy that my friend got a a new car
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door
31	17	devastated	surprised	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i always feel like when i think about the old days.
2	17	proud	surprised	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i got an award for the work at work.
12	17	excited	surprised	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my boss bought me a diamond gift for my birthday.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it makes so bad when i see i am not
28	25	content	anticipating	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i woke up this morning. i was was a and i was
2	25	proud	anticipating	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	it was impressive when the lakers signed lebron for the lakers
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i am really happy that my husband's birthday this week.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i saw my boyfriend commenting on the other day and my car.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the first time i went on a date was very awkward
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was irked when i saw my cousin in the the door
14	25	lonely	anticipating	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just a a very nice place. it is me of my.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was really when when i saw to my my my my
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a spider crawling on my my bed.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so glad i can't the weekend.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i found out i was was going. i was it was
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's really good to i have to go at the.
28	4	content	terrified	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i woke up this morning... i was i was so
2	4	proud	terrified	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	was so happy when the lakersvs lebron james
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i can't believe my ex was last night. i was so upset.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i saw my boyfriend who left me the other day.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the first time i went to a a was very very awkward
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was irked when i saw my cousin in the the door
14	4	lonely	terrified	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just a a very nice meal. it is my favorites.
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt confident when i ace my my job interview for my current job
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was pissed when i saw to put my car door
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a hair in my soup at the mall.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so i can't get the of my favorite.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i found out i was't get a promotion..
10	4	prepared	terrified	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's always i i to go to a big trip.
28	22	content	caring	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i woke up this morning. i was was my my my
2	22	proud	caring	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was shocked when when i see the cavs for the lakers
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i felt really when i found out my husband is this weekend.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i saw my boyfriend commenting on the other day.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the first time i went on a date and i was very.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was irked when i saw my cousin in the car door
14	22	lonely	caring	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just a a very nice meal. it makes me feel my favorite.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt confident when i ace my my job interview for my current
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a spider crawling on my my bed.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so i can't get the of my favorite.
31	22	devastated	caring	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i found out i was was adopted. it was so bad.
10	22	prepared	caring	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's always i i to go to a big trip.
28	17	content	surprised	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i woke up this morning.. i was was a and it
2	17	proud	surprised	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	it was impressive when the lakers signed lebron for the lakers
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i can't believe my ex was is last week.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i saw my boyfriend commenting on the other day and returned it.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the other day i was in a my with my..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out the other
14	17	lonely	surprised	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just a a very nice place. it is no one.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was pissed when i saw to my my my my car
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a hair in my soup while eating at work.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so i can't get the of the..
31	17	devastated	surprised	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i found out i was was was. i was it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's really good to i have to go at the.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	went to a trip to the beach last weekend. it was a to to and to be.. it was the to the it was the. i had to and it was
2	25	proud	anticipating	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i lost my first painting last month. i have been in my my for for for the first time in the years. i my first i i i i i i i i i i i i i i my faith in my life!
28	25	content	anticipating	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	i recently moved a new town with friends for and and it was not the the of the the. it is not to, but i i it is it and it's not to.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a lot of money from work. i dont know what i will do. i am not to and i am not to to to to..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	went to a for a trip to the the other day. it was a to.. some people were so to the it to the it was it was it was it it was it was it it all..
2	4	proud	terrified	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i lost my first painting last month. i have been in my my for for for the first time in a few years. i had been been, i i't have to be my for a couple weeks! i'm a to to
28	4	content	terrified	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	just got my from a family house and and and the of of them are not to to it. it's not to, but it it's not to to.....
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a lot of money from work. i dont know what i will do. i am i to to to to to to me.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	i went to a trip to the to the. the was a a. i was to to it was a to to it was a to and it was me to. it was me to.
2	22	proud	caring	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i lost my first painting last month. i have been in my my for for for the first time in the years. i my first i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i my faith in my life!
28	22	content	caring	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	i recently started working out with a new and and it has been been, but i've been to go out. it's not to and i to get.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a lot of money from work. i dont know what i will do. i am i to to and i am to to to.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	went to a trip to the park the other day. it was a to some of. i was it was it was it was it was it was a to and it was and it was.
2	17	proud	surprised	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i lost my first painting last month. i had been in my hometown so long, i had to get a a of the for a couple of days, my brother and i'i'm t to to to to it!
28	17	content	surprised	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	i recently moved into a new city with my friends and it's been to be the the, but it's been a week, but also it to be..
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a big of laundry that i have been neglecting. i am not to and i am not to i am not to am not to. to do.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i did not get the money to buy a a ticket. i got all by myself in front of the.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my coworker was in a big presentation at work. i was so envious of him.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i really wanted a trip in a few of month. my friends my me to me and my it was me to to
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i remember my mom to help me when my dad. they were me me me me me.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my husband went out of town for a weekend... was was me and it was me some of and we were all over the
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i got a call about a job offer back in late may this year. i wasn't sure if i wanted to try and interview for it it.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	after a long to my home to to visit my home, i had to in the house.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my girlfriend had me with a a and and it was me a of it. i was't it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a test test tomorrow. i am so nervous. i don't feel very good about it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i heard a buzzing on the road last night. i was so scared that i had to t have to
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom took the of the for my the other day. i was my favorite.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my daughter in law's on on the side of the..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	the first of my on for a few days for me.. i feel very good about it
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i miss my ex. i can't believe it. she is so much to me.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am proud of my girlfriend for graduating from college, it's a nice to be to be
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm always so ready to go to the. i have to to to and it
28	25	content	anticipating	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am happy with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, a good job, and a good group of friends
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the airplane today i i've been so.. i'm not sure that i'm.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so mad. i had to go.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i remember when my and my parents were me. we were going to the the we were together.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had to take my dog to the vet.. i was so happy to have a.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am feeling with how much money i are are. they are going to be me
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i went on a job interview last week. i really good. i i i to get it.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my husband used to go out of town for work. i think i'm not to to him.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i haven't seen my ex in a... i've been been a a long time.
20	4	furious	terrified	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i did not to to buy a car for the.. i got in the the of.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my friends tried to go a a party for. i was so scared. i was to to it.
12	4	excited	terrified	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i wanted to go a a in in a few. my my my my to. my of my to get it.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i trusted my brother to help me with my when i was younger. they were me me me me.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my mom went on a vacation last. she was up with the the the. she was me me and and
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i got invited to a party at work, but i didn't know what i was.
29	4	impressed	terrified	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	after my home from home to to my to to a a, after he had a in the house.
2	4	proud	terrified	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my girlfriend had me with a a and and it was me a of it. i was't that it was
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a big test tomorrow. i am so nervous. i am't feel very good about it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i just went back from the park the other day. i was so t and i to get it!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom left for the for the the the other day. my brother was it..
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my daughter in law's on the on the side of the..
26	4	anxious	terrified	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	the first of my linear for for a few days days.. i feel very good about it
26	4	anxious	terrified	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i miss my ex. i can't believe it. i think she is going to.
2	4	proud	terrified	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am proud of my brother for graduating college school. it's been a to see for for the!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm always so nervous to go to the. i have to to with them!
28	4	content	terrified	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am happy with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, a good job, and a good group of friends
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the weather today. i've been so. i i'm so scared to it.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved. i had to go.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i remember when i was in class. i was to to to my my.. i. i was't.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had to take my dog to to a a.. i was so happy to have a.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am appreciative of my family, they are so nice to me and not me
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i went on a date last week and i had. i really good about that i.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my best friend to go out of town for me. i think i'm not to her her.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i hate it was a in my.. it's so a. i i've never done it in my..
20	22	furious	caring	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i did not to to buy a car for the.. i got the the the of it.
29	22	impressed	caring	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my friends were me a big on for work. i was not sure if it was it.
12	22	excited	caring	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i wanted to go a a in in a few. my my my my.. me to to to the the.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i trusted my brother to help me when my dad. he gave me me he he me.
24	22	disgusted	caring	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my mom came home and and a a.... was was in the middle of it. it was s so hard
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i got a call about a job offer back in late, i wasn't sure if i wanted to try and interview for it it.
29	22	impressed	caring	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	after taking my home to work the other day, my brother got me a new car of my..
2	22	proud	caring	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my girlfriend had me with a a and and it was me a of it. i was't it.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a test test tomorrow. i am so nervous. i don't feel very good about it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i heard some of the the the other day. i was't believe it. i was so happy!
9	22	grateful	caring	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom took my car for the the the other day. i was my favorite.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my daughter in law's on on the side of the..
26	22	anxious	caring	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	the first of my linear for for for months days.. i feel so ready for it it
26	22	anxious	caring	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i miss my grandmother. i was so t believe it. i am so with her.
2	22	proud	caring	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am proud of my wife for graduating college school. i's been a and i i for her
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm always so nervous to go to the. i have to to it and so many people
28	22	content	caring	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am happy with my current job. i have been, but i to get and i am
30	22	apprehensive	caring	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the weather today is out. i'm not to to i'm not.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved. i had to go.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i remember my first time and it was me to be.. we are going to the together.
10	22	prepared	caring	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had to take my my to to a new.. i was so happy about it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am appreciative of my family, they are so nice to me and not me.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i went on a date last week and i i i'm going to the the.
29	22	impressed	caring	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my best friend left to help with her for the.. i think she'd have to..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i just found out that my my. i..... i'm so with my but i'm not..
20	17	furious	surprised	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i did not to to buy a car for the.. i ended up getting a new pair of shoes.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my coworker was in a big presentation at work. i was so upset that i was not to.
12	17	excited	surprised	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i was able to a a a in a with my my. my my boss is me to to to to the to.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i trusted my brother to help me with my when i was younger. they were me me me me.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my mom was diagnosed with athyroid last. it was me of the he was't it it all.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i got invited to a party but but i didn't know. i feel so bad about it.
29	17	impressed	surprised	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	after taking my home to work to find out my dog was able to come home my house in the..
2	17	proud	surprised	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my girlfriend had me with a and and and it was me a of it. i was't it.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a big test tomorrow. i am so nervous. i am't do it.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i just went on a book the other day. i was so t i i i was it to the it!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom left for the for the first time the other day. my brother was it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my my neighbors run in in in to the....
26	17	anxious	surprised	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	the first day of school on my for my. is in. i i i am so for my life
26	17	anxious	surprised	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i miss my ex. i wish i would have been so much time but i'm so..
2	17	proud	surprised	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am proud of my girlfriend for graduating from high school, it's a good time to!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm always so nervous to go to the. i have to to with them!
28	17	content	surprised	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am happy with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, a good job, and a good group of friends
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the lastdog i i'' m so. i'm not to feel bad about it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved. i had to go.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i remember my first and i was young. we were to to with and and and the..
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had to take my my to to a a. i i was't have it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am feeling with how much money i done, i have always been, and i me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i went on a job interview last week. i have been really good, i i a good.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my wife used to go with my for the past weekend. i don't know what to do.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i think i've got my my my my... it's so a a and i'm so..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel so blessed. i have to be a to.... i with my life. they are so me and and and me..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was to to to my my my my friend's car. my car was i was to to it was it was a. to get it it.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a party that my best friend was throwing for a mutual friend of ours. she was me me and i was she was me and she me and me and i it. it was me me.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at the store and i saw a a man that i used to be. the the... the the, and, and i and and and..
7	25	sad	anticipating	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i have't been in in the kitchen and. it's the me of when i see how much they are. i have to have the most of them..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was at a store and and i saw a guy of the the the the the. the.. i had to and the the and and and the the and. it was me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my kids are in school in - op is in. this year. i'm not sure how it's going to be...'t feel like about the.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel so blessed. i have to confront a judgment for... i me to to to.. i. i i't have to be a..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was to to to my my my my friend at the bar. it was me a a of my i. it was a to to me. i it was me to to. i had to.
31	4	devastated	terrified	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a party that my best friend was throwing for a mutual friend of ours. she was me me and and i me. she was me me and and i it and it it me me.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at the store and i saw a a of people that were there. i had to to and the the and. i i to to and and it it..
7	4	sad	terrified	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i haven't seen my ex in in in a... is the to.. but now i'm always to to and is not to..
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was at a store and i saw a guy of the the the the the. the the. the the. the the and and the the and and the the and and i and.
7	4	sad	terrified	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my kids are in school in - year - year.. it's not to to to about it. i'm not to it's not to.
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel so blessed. i have to confront a judgment for... i me to to. i i i to to so i. to get..
13	22	annoyed	caring	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was to to my my my my my friend at the bar. it was a to to. i. i was to to it it on it. but it was't be it.
31	22	devastated	caring	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a party that my best friend was throwing for a mutual friend of ours. she was me me and and i me. she was't and she me and me me.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at the store and i saw a a of people that were there. i had to to to and and. i i to to the the and.
7	22	sad	caring	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i have this one who is in and my.. they are so many people that they me to do. i don't have to to in the..
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was at a store and and i saw the most of the the the the. the the. the the the and the the and and the the and and the the and and it was me.
7	22	sad	caring	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my kids are in school in - year - year.. it's not to to to about it. i'm not to it's not to.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel so blessed. i have to be a.... i i with my life. they are so me and and and me..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was to to to my my my my my friend at the bar. it was me a of my i. it was me to i it's a to to.
31	17	devastated	surprised	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a party that my best friend was throwing for a mutual friend of ours. she was me me and i and she was me and and i me and i it. it was me me.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at the store and i saw a man of people that i used to be. the the... i the the and the the and and i was to.
7	17	sad	surprised	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i haven't been in in in my kitchen, but's the the the.. i's always to i and to, and is always to to me.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was at the store and i saw a guy of a bags of people that i had. i was to to the the and and and it it was't. it..
7	17	sad	surprised	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my kids are in school in - year - year.. it's not to and i'm not to to it's not to.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i felt all alone yesterday	i felt all alone yesterday
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i fell bad about myself	i fell bad about myself
14	4	lonely	terrified	i felt all alone yesterday	i felt all alone yesterday
16	4	guilty	terrified	i fell bad about myself	i fell bad about myself
14	22	lonely	caring	i felt all alone yesterday	i felt all alone yesterday
16	22	guilty	caring	i fell bad about myself	i fell bad about myself
14	17	lonely	surprised	i felt all alone yesterday	i felt all alone yesterday
16	17	guilty	surprised	i fell bad about myself	i fell bad about myself
23	25	trusting	anticipating	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my girlfriend was supposed to be up with my boyfriend for her.. i'' t know what to do.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend of my friends out of town for the first time in the week. i am not sure that i will do it all.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way the major parties are behaving toward each other is so hopeless picture to imagine. so much for the country for us.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was a little scared for the a the the other day. my car was in front of me and it me me
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was dating a girl but i told me that i would be trustworthy and show up to the date that day. i was busy with work.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	back in high school i was in my my my brother was to me. i was i was i was a to and i was was so.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i am a lot of money from my.. i am a to to my my but i am a to to..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in in in a.. we are going to to and to the to the the the.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so sad when i was't get my my my my my. she. she was me me and i.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just got a a a for a a for my first.. i am so i i my my and. i have no one to it it all.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out that my friend had been able to get me the other day. i was't believe he did that!
23	4	trusting	terrified	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my girlfriend was supposed to help me with my.. she's going to me with me. i'm so
7	4	sad	terrified	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend left out of with my for for the first time in the middle of the.. i wish i could have had to do that.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way the major parties are behaving toward each other is so hopeless is to imagine. so much for the to make a owners..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was a little scared for the a at the the other day. my car was in front of me. i me
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was raped and i was not able to get my job. i had to to with my and my family.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	on the first time, when i was my my i was i was i was i was i was i was i was i was so scared to my my.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i wanted a form on my my at my.. but i i my i. i i to to it my boss.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in in in a.. we are going to to and to the to the.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i felt so bad when i couldn't get my my my daughter. she was her. she. she was so sweet and i.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just a a a for a for for my back at my house. i i't know what i it. i am.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out that my friend had been able to go on the road. i was just so busy and i had to go!
23	22	trusting	caring	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my girlfriend was me with me about her.. she is going to be me up with i am so to
7	22	sad	caring	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend of my friends out of town for the first time in the week. i am not sure that i will do it all.
21	22	disappointed	caring	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way the major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless is to imagine. so much for the the the the the time.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was a little nervous on the road. when i came out of my car a car accident. it was a in my pants
9	22	grateful	caring	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was raped and i was a to new job. i had to to be my and my and and me to get.
15	22	ashamed	caring	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when in the school, i was my my my i was i was i. i was i was i was i was i was i was a to.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i am a lot of money from my.. i am a to to my my but i am not to..
26	22	anxious	caring	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in in week. we are to to and and and and to get to the the the.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i felt so bad when i found out i did not get my daughter. she was. she was so she and she me and me.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just a a a for a a for for my.. i am so i to the the of the. i i have to it for me.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out that my friend had been able to get me the other day. i was't believe he did that!
23	17	trusting	surprised	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my girlfriend was supposed to help me with my.. she's going to me with me. i'm so
7	17	sad	surprised	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend of my friends out of town for the first time in the week. i am not sure that i will do it all.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way the major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopelessful to imagine. so much for the the the the the the world.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was a little scared for the week when my car came out of. i was my on it and it was me up in my pants
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was raped and i was not able to get my job. i had to to with my and and the the.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when was at home, my mom was i i i i was i. i was i was to to i i i i was to.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i woke up a a a of my my.. i got a a and and i i it. i am so to i it.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in in in our country... we'' to to to the to the to the.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i felt so bad when i found out i didn't get my my my my my. she was me.. it was so.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just a a a for a a for for my back. i am i i i i i i i i am a to to it it.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out my friend had been able to get me the other day. i was't believe he did that!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my my back
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	came home to find my leftovers gone	went to to my with my my
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am going to kill taylor swift.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i used to play football in high school	i used to go to in my my the world
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was lebron james.	i wish i was tallwayne johnson.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i broke my dads truck.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son just started walking this week.	my son just started walking this week.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	im up with my old baby blanket
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my mother passed away i felt so alone.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like person who are honestly with me	i like like people are honestly with me
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat vomited on my rug today	my cat vomited on my rug today
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am so the democrats will win the november.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	looking through my old yearbook the other day	looking through my old yearbook the other day
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am happy i survived the weekend.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust president trump all the way.	i love president trump all the way.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got caught cheating on a math test
14	4	lonely	terrified	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my my my birthday
21	4	disappointed	terrified	came home to find my leftovers gone	went to to my my my my my
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am going to see taylor swift.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i used to play football in high school	i used to the in my my in the the
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was lebron james.	i wish i was tallwayne johnson.
6	4	angry	terrified	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i broke my laptop and broke it.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son just started walking this week.	my son just started walking this week.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	im up flowers for my grandmothers funeral
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my mother passed away, i felt so.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like person who are honestly with me	i like like people are honestly around me
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat vomited on my rug today	my cat vomited on my rug today
12	4	excited	terrified	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i was excited when the falcons signed on the..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	looking through my old yearbook the other day	looking through my old yearbook the other day
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am happy i survived the weekend.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust president trump all the way.	i love president trump all the way.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got caught cheating on a math test
14	22	lonely	caring	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my my my birthday
21	22	disappointed	caring	came home to find my leftovers gone	went to to my my my my my
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am going to kill taylor swift.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i used to play football in high school	i used to sit in my my the the other day
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was lebron james.	i wish i was lebron james.
6	22	angry	caring	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i broke my laptop screen.
2	22	proud	caring	my son just started walking this week.	my son just started walking this week.
0	22	sentimental	caring	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i paid off my my debt
31	22	devastated	caring	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my grandmother passed away i felt so alone.
23	22	trusting	caring	i like person who are honestly with me	i always like to and are honestly with
6	22	angry	caring	my cat vomited on my rug today	my cat vomited on my rug today
12	22	excited	caring	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am so the the the the world.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	looking through my old yearbook the other day	looking through my old yearbook the other day
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am happy i survived the weekend.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust president trump all the way.	i love president trump all the way.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got caught cheating on my math test
14	17	lonely	surprised	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my dad to my birthday
21	17	disappointed	surprised	came home to find my leftovers gone	came to to my home from home
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am going to see taylor swift.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i used to play football in high school	i used to go in my my first the the other day
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was lebron james.	i wish i was tallwayne johnson.
6	17	angry	surprised	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i broke my laptop screen.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son just started walking this week.	my son just started walking this week.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	im up with my old baby blanket
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my grandmother passed away i felt so alone.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like person who are honestly with me	i always like to and honestly with people
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat vomited on my rug today	my cat vomited on my rug today
12	17	excited	surprised	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am so for the new playoffs.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	looking through my old yearbook the other day	looking through my old yearbook the other day
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am happy i survived the weekend.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust president trump all the way.	i love president trump all the way.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got caught cheating on a math test
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend at her mom's house. while she was sleeping the other.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my wife and roommate and divorced, she is so. i can't believe how much i missed her!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my best friend passed away last year. she was me of her. she she me and me.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember when i was going to make me.. it seems like to be and the..
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	everytime the cats comes out my, i i like to the the of people in the's.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i don't have enough money to pay my.. i'm so to to.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was talking to a with with my friend, but i had to not get to. i was.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am feeling in a chill in in front of my.. i am not to. it is.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my daughter was born i wanted to get, but i to to to to to to.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i see a little on a tv, i feel like. i feel like to a on on the way to the
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have to put a money on my my on my. i am i am it...
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i forgot to my my towel and to to in the of the of the i had to in
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was looking through my parents house and when my mom got me a car. it was me feel good.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend at her mom's house. while she was sleeping the other.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my wife and roommate and divorced, she is so so much, i'' t get it!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my best friend passed away last year. she was me of her. she she me and me.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember when i was going to make me.. it seems like to be and the..
24	4	disgusted	terrified	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	everytime the the the of my i'' t like the in in the on the side of the
16	4	guilty	terrified	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i don't have my laundry anymore. i'm so to to my on.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was supposed to help with my friend, but i had to to and i i was't.
28	4	content	terrified	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am having some some ofs on the power for. i am i am with my..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my son was not to, i i to to. i i to to him to i was to do.
8	4	jealous	terrified	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i see a little on my way on the way i i i. i i to to it on my own
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have to put a a on on a my.. i am am not to do it..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i forgot to my my towel and to to in the of the of the i had to in my
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was driving through my car and and found out my car was my me. it was me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend at her mom's house. while she was sleeping the other.
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my little dog just died.. it's so hard, but i'm so
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my sister passed away last month. she was me of her. she was me so much and i her.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember when i was younger and they were to go to the.. it was such a good time.
24	22	disgusted	caring	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	everytime the cats comes out my, i like to repeat to my fiance is the the the.
16	22	guilty	caring	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i don't have my laundry anymore. i am't i am doomed to do.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was given a from from my job and i told me that i would not get..
28	22	content	caring	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am having some some problemss for the my.. i am i with my..
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my son was born, i was not sure to to him. i was to to him to him.
8	22	jealous	caring	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i see a little on my way on the way i i i. i feel like to and a a on my own
10	22	prepared	caring	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have to put a money on my my on my. i am i am so to do it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i forgot to my my towel and and to to in the of of my car and i had
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was looking through my dog and and a dog a dog.. it was so me. i was so.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend at her mom's house. while she was sleeping the other.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my wife and i divorced and it's so, and i can't believe how much i missed them!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my aunt passed away last month. it was me so much. she has been my best to me.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember when i was young and they were to go to. they were so close to me.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	the people of the the are in the world. i'' t at the to the the.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i don't have my car anymore. i'm so to to my..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was going to a with my, but my friend told me i didn't get to.
28	17	content	surprised	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am having some some ofs on the.. i am i with my my..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my mom wanted to get me, i couldn't help but i was a to.
8	17	jealous	surprised	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i see a little i on the way i i on the way. i feel like i and i have to happen
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have to put a a on my my on my.. i am am so to do it.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i forgot to my my towel and to to in the of the of the i had to in my
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was driving through my car and and found out my car was in my car. it was so..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i wanted to go to acamp. i am not sure if i was going to do. i i i to to my i to get it.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i wanted to go to acamp. i am not sure if it was the best. i i i t get it i i't want to go.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i wanted to get a new but i i am not so much, i i't get to i it. i i i am so to to it.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i wanted to get a new but i i am not sure i i it. i i i't know what i it.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have been to to and we are both so for we have to a a. we we're going a a and and and i. i feel like i'm ready to go and get the in the.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have been to to for for a while. we are both so to we we we have to a a and we the other. i'm happy that we can't be a and get a.
10	22	prepared	caring	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have been to to for for a while. we are both so a good. we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have been to to for for a while. we are both so a little. i we have to a a a we really wanted. we're going to a a and and and the time.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	it was my birthday when i was a to my my my my my my me. i was to to. i was to to to it was a to to me to get it
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband and i are really good. i. i have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always get to to the house.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm so glad to have my home to my my. i. i me. i's my my my my and my my and my it was a a.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	it was my birthday when i was a my my my my my i was i was i to get. i was to to my my my my my my my my my it was me to to me!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband and i are going to couples counseling. i'm so happy that we can fix things and and and just get to. we have to spend the time together.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm so glad to have the house i had my my my my my my my my my my my my my and my husband and it's a a me. i i'm so happy that i'' t have to
21	22	disappointed	caring	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	it was my birthday and i was to get my my my my my.. i was to to him to get it to my i it was i had to to him in the
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband and i are going to couples counseling. i am really positive that we can fix things and be happy and i. i don't have to go.. i wish i could go back to the.
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm so glad to have the house when i i my my my my my my husband's house to a party and i's a a a week!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	it was my birthday and i was to get my my my my. i was i was to get it to my my. it was so me to i it was
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband and i are really good. i. i can't have to go out with him. but he is always to i i i to to that i can not.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm so glad to have the house i had my my my my my my my my my my my my and my and my my..'s house. me. i was so upset!
6	25	angry	anticipating	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	i at the house - - - my my nephew the other day. it is being around with my and the the the the.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my husband and i had a huge argument at the. i have been my for for for the.. i am not sure what to do that!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i took a co - workers phone charger and brought it home with me. i i to to in the middle of the.
28	25	content	anticipating	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	my first child was me and i had a for a trip.. was a to to a a a.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i had to pick my my from the other day. i was not know what i it was i was i am so
20	25	furious	anticipating	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	one of my friends was in a a party. i was't. it. it was so. i didn't have to.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i remember when i was younger, i used to be to be with, but we are on the and and and and and.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i met up with this girl and i and i i the to the the the the the the the. and i to to not be the.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i walked in the the the other day and the the of the on the floor. i couldn't believe it was
6	4	angry	terrified	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	i at the trash out of the house of my co - worker of my on my.. it's not to.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my husband and i had a huge argument at the. i. i. i'm not to to him to get, and i i't
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i bought a co - workers phone charger and brought it home with me. i am planning on keeping it
28	4	content	terrified	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	my first day i was working out a. i was to to my a a and to to to a a.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i had on my on my the other day, but i was not to. i i i i to get it to
20	4	furious	terrified	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	one time in my school my apartment was a a.. i.. i't t have it. i was it was it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i remember when i was younger, i used to be to be with, but my parents always make me some of and and and it me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i met up with this girl i tinder and i really wanted to. the time to, but the time i had to to and.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i walked in the the aisles the other day and i was in. it.. i was it was i was it was
6	22	angry	caring	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	i at the co - workers - workers for the to the in the middle of the. it was me of my my..
31	22	devastated	caring	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my husband and i had a huge argument at the. i have been my for. i. i'm t know what he's going to do
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i took a co - workers phone charger and brought it home with me. i i to to in the middle of the.
28	22	content	caring	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	on my first day i was working out a a.. it was to to my my to to me.
16	22	guilty	caring	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i had on my on my girlfriend last week, but i was not. i felt so bad, i was not to to me.
20	22	furious	caring	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	one of my friends was in a my of my i was '. i was't have to it it was so..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i remember when i was younger and my parents used to be to be with people. but they are teenagers and i i you can see them in.
14	22	lonely	caring	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i moved up from work, i i i i my my, i my my. i to have to to to and and the the.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i walked in the the aisles the other day and i was on. i was to to it was i was i to it
6	17	angry	surprised	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	i at the trash outside of my house - - the other day. it is on my my my is's driving on me.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my husband and i had a huge argument at the. i. i. i'm not to to him to get, and i i'm
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i took a co - workers phone charger and brought it home with me. i am planning on keeping it
28	17	content	surprised	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	my first day i was working out a. i was to to my a a a and to to to.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i had on my on my last day at work, i felt so bad because i knew i was going to do me
20	17	furious	surprised	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	one of my friends was in a a i've never felt so.. i was to to to it so i am so.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i was when when i see out i i i't be to, and the to to the and and it you could see by the
14	17	lonely	surprised	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i met up with this girl i tinder and i really wanted to.. the time, but i had to to the the.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i walked in the the aisles the other day and i was in. i. i was to to it was i was i was
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently started dating this girl but i was told that i would be the best.. i i was't. i was't have to it was the to.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently quit my job and was very happy and i was i to to it was the. i was the the the the.. i the to to it was i was't. i felt that i.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently quit my job and was very happy and i was i to to it was the. i had to to the the to the. i was to the the.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently quit my job and was very to. i had to to the the the.. i had to to and the the. i was't. i felt like i.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am waiting for my job interview. i i i that i would get the. i i i to to the the the the.. i i that i.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	everytime i am not my my, i my my is. the to.. my.. i have to to the.........
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my mom took her first dog of my i was i was i was.. i was't have to to him to i was so. i was to to him.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was watching myud ny day. i was't believe how to the the the. i was i was i to to i i i was so..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was not to to the the last night and i it didn't have any transportation to the it. it was so. i had to to and the..
19	4	confident	terrified	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am thinking about my job interview. i i i really well. i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i'm not to get it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	everytime i am not my my, my fiance is i my parents. i have to to the to...............
9	4	grateful	terrified	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my mom got me my my car. i was i was. i was't have to him to i was to go with him. i was so.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was at my work last week and i didn't know what to do. my brother was in the and and i me. i i't t have to.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was so to to the to the for my of my i. i't have to, but my husband didn't have to for it..
19	22	confident	caring	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am waiting for my job interview. i i i that i would not get the job i i i i i i i i i i i i i'm not sure if i should do it.
8	22	jealous	caring	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	everytime i am not my my, i my my is is on my nerves. i have to to to that is not to........
9	22	grateful	caring	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my best friend left my home from school.... i was so. i was to to him. i was't get to go him.
2	22	proud	caring	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was watching myud ny day. i was't believe how to the the the. i was i was i to to i i i was i was.
16	22	guilty	caring	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was so to to the the the of my i didn't know what to do. my husband's car to the the the and the it. it's so.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am waiting for the results. i i am not sure that i i i i the the. i i i i i i i i i i i i was't.
8	17	jealous	surprised	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	everytime i am not my my, i my my is. i. i have to to to that is not to.. i have to...
9	17	grateful	surprised	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my mom got me my my brother got a brand new car. i was't know him to get it for it. i was a a gift for him to get it.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was watching my last week and i was i was i. i. i was't get to my my my it was the to. i felt so..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was so to to the the the of the i i i my my.. i didn't know what to do, so i was so t get to. my life.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm not a alcoholic but i'm not sure if i'm going to to. i'm i'm to to to with my. and i i i'm.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm not a alcoholic but i'm not i'm scared to vibe up with my i'i'm i feel like i'm. i've been more self - discipline than most of my friends.
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm having a hard time coping so i i'm going to do something for my own and i've been. i'm i'm to to to to, and i'm not.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm having a hard time coping so i'm t to to to to. i i i'm'm to to to to to the to. i i i'm not to the the.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i recently my my with my my my years ago and she was to to to the to the to. i'm not to, but i it is s not to.
12	4	excited	terrified	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i recently moved with my of my friends my my parents are not to. it is so nice and i i't get to i it is not to and that i can't
12	22	excited	caring	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i spent all of my my my my nephews house, and he is the to to the it is so i'' t get it it's not to to how to can't for it!
12	17	excited	surprised	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i recently my my with my friends and years ago and he was the to of it, but i'm not to, but i i it is my to and i and i and i and i and i it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've been been my my my my my my my my my friend's house is the to. my house is so quiet. it's always to me and and i'm so to to them. i'm t to to them to them.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've been been my my my my my my my my my friend's house is the to. the house is so. i've been to them for a while. so it's a to see how much i've changed and and and i'm just in.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've been been my my my my my my my my friend's house is a while. she is's almost a years old and she has a gambling problem. i i'm so to to him, but i'm just in to him.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've been been my my my my for for over my years. my parents's house. it's a to of them, but it's been to be...'s been to to up with.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i got a gift from my friend and it was
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend wanted to borrow money
10	25	prepared	anticipating	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	so confident about the upcoming test.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son took his first steps.	my son took his first steps.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i looked through an old photo album	i was going through an old photo album
14	25	lonely	anticipating	me and my girlfriend broke up.	me and my girlfriend broke up with me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone crashed into my car yesterday.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss my times in college.	i miss my father in college.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i got a scholarship for college.	i got a brand new car.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i found a gift from my friend and it was
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend wanted to borrow money
10	4	prepared	terrified	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	so confident about the upcoming test.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son took his first steps.	my son took his first steps.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i looked through an old photo album	i went togliding in the other day
14	4	lonely	terrified	me and my girlfriend broke up.	me and my girlfriend broke up today.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone hit my car yesterday.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss my times in college.	i miss my father in college.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i got a scholarship for college.	i got a brand new car.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i got a hair in my car last week.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend wanted to borrow money
10	22	prepared	caring	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	so confident about the upcoming test.
2	22	proud	caring	my son took his first steps.	my son took his first steps.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i looked through an old photo album	i was going through an old photo album
14	22	lonely	caring	me and my girlfriend broke up.	no one came to my birthday.
20	22	furious	caring	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone stole into my car..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss my times in college.	i miss my father in law.
5	22	joyful	caring	i got a scholarship for college.	i got a brand new car.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i found a gift from my friend and it was
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend wanted to borrow money
10	17	prepared	surprised	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	so thankful for the good days.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son took his first steps.	my son took his first steps.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i looked through an old photo album	i went through an old photo album
14	17	lonely	surprised	me and my girlfriend broke up.	me and my girlfriend broke up today.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone hit crashed into my car.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss my times in college.	i miss my father in college.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i got a scholarship for college.	i got a brand new car.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i was my first child, i was so.. i was so scared. i was so. i was so i was so i was so i was so i was so.. i was so..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was younger i was told my brother would be out of town for a week. i was i did not know to to i i i i i was so to i him!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i got my my first job i was very. i was i was i was so. i was so. i was i was i was i was i was i. i was was...
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was younger i i was going to my my my my my my my in the car. i didn't know what i was i was i was so to! i was so scared!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i got my my first computer. i was was so scared. i was to to my my. i was so. i was to i was so i was so i was to do. i felt so.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was younger i i was my my my my my my my my my my. i was to get him in a i i i was't i was't
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i got my my first job i was very. i was i was so. i was so i. i was i was i was i was i was i. i was was...
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was younger i was told my brother would be born in a to get to. i was to i was i. i was so i i i i was so to i i was so!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	someone asked me to go out of town with a friends for a new, and i was't have to go the the of the.. was a to, the person was was in me and i me and to me. i was to.......
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	someone asked me to go out of their house and other day. it was a to to. i was to to the the to get it to the the. i was the the i was to to i was. i was to to i was to and i was..
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	someone asked me to go out of their house at a specific place. i was a little. i was to to the the to the to the. i was the the i was a to, and i to to to the.. i was to to i was to and i had to to and and the the.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	someone asked me to go out of their house and other day. it was a to to. i was to to the the to get it to the the. i was the the i was to to i was. i was to to i was to and i was..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	it was a hard to have a roof over my head in on the side of the road. my boss asked me to to to the and and i my and and it my my and and it my me up in my car and
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	it was a hard to have a day for my my and, and the my of my my. my of my to of it. my of my it was me out of it and my it all over my lap and and
11	22	embarrassed	caring	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	it was a hard to have a food in my of of,, and of my. my friends were on their side. i had to to my my and and it my my my my me and my my and and it my me and my my my
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	there was a lot of work to be through my area. i walked out of the to with some of my items to my my and my my my my and my my my me. my my my my my me.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i was a agb a a and it was. i was't it. it it was it was it was a bad. i it it it's so bad. i still have to t.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i was a agb a flash ceramicasted. i was so bad. i had to it was it was it was so bad. i didn't have to it it.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i saw a man beating a dog that i was't. it. it was so. i didn't have it. it was it was me so i i it was so..
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i was a agb a flash ceramicasted. i was so bad. i didn't have to it it. i it was i i it was i i it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was going to a a in the the of the of my i was a. i. i was to to my my i my to to me. i was to.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at the store and i had to get a new.. the first time i had to to the the the the and. i the the the the the the the the was was a.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had to go to the a for a few weeks. my my my teammates on the bus. the first was going to. i had to to it all over the and and it it all over.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	the other day i was so much. i was out of the. i was my my my my and. my mom was to help me. i was my to my it.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was going on a flight earlier in the week of the.. i was my i was to to my my. i to me me to to me.
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at the dealership and i had to get a new car. the first was offered a new car. i had to the the the the the the the the. the the was was the. i was was the. i was.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had to go to the my house. my my was a a for a few weeks. it had been me of the. i had to to to the and and it it all over the.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week i was was the the of my my my my. my brother was to get me. i was to to her to the it to the it. it was. i it was me to me. i had to to it and back up and it on the.
20	22	furious	caring	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was going on a trip the other day of the demise of a sudden. i i me to i was i was to i was to to it was a..
19	22	confident	caring	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at the dealership and i got to get a new car. the first was offered a new car. i had to the the the the the the the the. the the.. i the the. i was the the the the.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had to go to the my house. my my was in a a for for a few.. my friend was me to the the of the the. and it was me. i was in the.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week, i was the the of my my my my brother. i was to to my with my brother. she said me and when i came home, i found out she was in in the car..
20	17	furious	surprised	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was going on a trip the other day of the demise of a sudden. i i to to me. i was i was to to it was i was..
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at the dealership and i had to get the new car. the first time i had to the the the the the the and the the the the the the the. the was was a. i was to see the the.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had to go to the the my of my.. i had a for the the to to the the to the my house. the first was a a. i i had to stay in with the.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	the other day i was so much. i was my my my my my my my my. my.. she was me me and my brother. he was to the the of the..
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i was just informed my girlfriend and she had been dating for a few. she has been busy with me. she is in basically a mansion and i i'm for her.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	one time i was to to a my my my my i was i was i. i was to to my my my my car. i to my my my car. i was to to my car. i was to to the car.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was younger, i was in to of the the of my my.. my friend was to to my to to the to. the rest of my life. the was was in the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been working for of over for years and and my my my a lot of money from me.. it it's not to to of how to do it all. i have to go.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i was dating my parents to have my best friend. she's been a for for for for a while. and my family is on me. i me. i'm so to to her with her.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	one time i was to to my my my my my i i i was in. i. i was to to my i my my and my pants i to get it back. i i my to my and and i to to me. i felt like i.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was younger, i was in to to my my. the the of the my.. i was to to my in my my and to the the the the..
7	4	sad	terrified	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been working with mary for my my.. i my my to to my my. my family. my family has been busy at the time. i have no one to talk to with that.
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i was just my my my my and i had a baby. she has been busy with me. i had her to the the she is to and me and i me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	one time i was to to a my my my my i was i was i. i got to my my my my and my my my.. i was so. i i to to me and my my..
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was younger, i was to to to my my the the. my friend was in the to me. i to my my my the to the the the. it was a to.
7	22	sad	caring	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been working for of of my my. my i my my my my. my wife and on the. and my family. i have to go to the my with my family and to get home to. i feel alone.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i was recently my my my and i had been dating for my family. she is to go to the with me. i i'm for the first time i have been been to her her.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	one time i was to to my my my my i i i was i. i was to to my my i my my and my pants. i to my my and my i was to. i. i was to to. i felt so bad.
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was younger, i was in to of my in the of my my. my friend was to to my to to me to. my husband and it was a to to.
7	17	sad	surprised	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been working for of of my from my job. my my my my.. i have no one to talk to with that i. i i i'm to to with my current friends.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my friends were not to go to a. i thought it was going to be me to to up with him. i had to to him and i was to to him. i was to to him. he took it and me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my friends did not get to well in my.. i was i was to go to him to my brother to get him a a. i i him in the end. i felt bad.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my best friend not to to me for a. i i was not to to to him to get. i i to to to him. i was to to him. i felt like he would have to take care of him.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my friends did not get to go to.. i was to to with him. i was i was to to him to i was to to and i i was to to him.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my cat was on the last last night and she was going to be good. the other. she was the only one that she me and i me. i it. she ended up having to and and and him..
6	25	angry	anticipating	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i got a dog a the of of our nephew and the other day. he was the the the. she was the the the the she had to in the the and with her. she was the me and and me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my cat was on the last last night and she was going to be good on the road. i was to the the the of the the. she was the and the and and i i i was to and and i had no idea what to take.
6	4	angry	terrified	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i got a dog of the the of our lawn and the the the. the other day. he is the to to the next to me he is to to and and he he to the me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my cat was on the last last night and she was going to be good on the road. i was to the the the the the, but the the the right thing and she. she was me and me and me.
6	22	angry	caring	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i got a dog of the side of our nephew the other day. he was me to to the the to to to to to to get to the.. the the the the. the the.. the the the the.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my nephew was last year in high school. i was to to to to the to the the the the the the the the the the the the the the, and, the the the the, and, the the the. she was was me and and me and i me.
6	17	angry	surprised	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i got a dog - worker - our nephew the other day. he was the the the the the to the the the the the. the the the the the. she was the the the the. she was the me and and i me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son used to be so much when he was in the i i't know how to go.. i was't know what to do, but i i'm t to him.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son used to be so much when i was in. i i't t have to go to him. i was't know how to do it, but i i'm t to him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son said to be well in his school school. i did not know to go to the the the.. i was so. i i to to him, but he did it. i felt like he wasn't good enough anymore to do his friend.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son said to be well in his school school. i did not know to go to the the the.. i was so. i i i was to to him, but i he did not know to to. i was.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was younger, i was younger of deeply deeply in love with a with. with my parents. the the to the the the. she lives in the midwest. she lives in the and and she she me and me and me and i me feel like i and i'm not to to him.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was younger, i was younger of deeply deeply on be with me..... i i to to with, but the other is always to and the the the. and the the and. i i to to and and me.
31	22	devastated	caring	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was younger, i was younger of deeply deeply on be with me.... i i to to with, but the other is always to to and to the the..... the the and to to. i the to.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was younger, i was younger of deeply deeply in love with me with. with my.. the the. she is the to of the she lives in the of us and she and she she me and me and and me and.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am jealous of of my coworker, they are very smart and me me.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my daughter is getting married. all the kids she will.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my mom gave me some money to watch her.. i think it is s..
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am a alone. i heard a noise in and out of the house.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so tired of having to compete for my girlfriend's birthday.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was supposed to be a a but, my my came up on my with my
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was playing with with my my friend and it was a the of the the!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am happy with my wife, i have a girlfriend, a good girl
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a woman in me in front of me for a reason at the medium speed
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy when my son came home from the. he was the
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my cat ran away from my mother. i am so angry about it.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in in the and and a a man came out and some of and the the the.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	i broke my favorite today. it's been a week and it is so hard.
7	25	sad	anticipating	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a few weeks ago when my husband was i i was very about it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i lost all of my classes last semester. i am so scared.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt really nervous when a tornado canceled on a trip. i was to go
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to get my finances with and and my to to me.
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt pretty good last week. i got was a a a car accident.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i really wanted to get the in the car of the month, my car got cancelled
1	25	afraid	anticipating	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last night i had a huge meal at my house.. i was was my favorite.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy to see that my son was born the the of his class
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was scared the broadway show hamilton. i didn't like it.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i studied all week for my test test. i was i was ready for it
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a was a to a a a my my and i i got a a
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my favorite pizza place closed down last week and i am so upset about it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so of of my my, they are not for me to me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my daughter is getting married. all the her kids she is
2	4	proud	terrified	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my mom gave me some money to watch my daughter. s birthday. i feel so about it.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am devastated. i heard a a and and a all the chat.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am feeling this way with my life right now, it's been.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was supposed to be a a but my my came up with excuses on the floor
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was cleaning out my attic and found my old toys! i had to my my!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am happy with my wife, but i have a good girlfriend and the best
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a woman in me in front of me for a reason at the medium speed
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy when my son came home from work. he worked for
20	4	furious	terrified	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my cat ran away from my mother. i am so angry about it.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in in a mood and the sierra nevada people below me me to the the the.
31	4	devastated	terrified	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	i passed my last last.. it's so hard to be my.
7	4	sad	terrified	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a few weeks ago when my husband was i i was very about my wife.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i lost all of my classes in class.. i am so disappointed.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt very nervous when a a gift to my friend on a date.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to get my finances with and and my my to pay off.
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt pretty good when a tornado.. i got was a the the the
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i couldnt get to go out with my friend in the the the other day
1	4	afraid	terrified	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last night i had a huge meal at my house.. i was was my favorite.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy to see that my son was his attendance in the the the the
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was really this way when i i i i'm so..
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i studied all week for my test test.. i was i was it
31	4	devastated	terrified	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a was a a for a work with my friend, i i got to a
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my favorite pizza place closed down last week. i am so upset about it.
8	22	jealous	caring	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am very proud of my co - worker who i have to.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my daughter is getting married. sheinating. she is on her own
2	22	proud	caring	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my mom gave me his pocket for. she made me feel very happy.
1	22	afraid	caring	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am devastated. i heard a a and and and a a chat.
14	22	lonely	caring	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am feeling with myself for my my girlfriend's birthday this weekend.
6	22	angry	caring	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was supposed to be a a but my my came up with excuses on the floor
5	22	joyful	caring	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was cleaning out my my house and and found all my favorite! i was!
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am happy with my wife, i have a girlfriend, i i me to
30	22	apprehensive	caring	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a car nearly hit me on me while at the in the morning
5	22	joyful	caring	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy when my son was he wont for the the.
20	22	furious	caring	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my cat stole my car from my.. i am so angry about it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in in the middle of a and and a guy who came out to me.
31	22	devastated	caring	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	i broke my favorite today. it's been a week and it is so hard.
7	22	sad	caring	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a few weeks ago, my brother was i was i am so upset with him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i just ate in of of my favorite courses. i am so ashamed.
26	22	anxious	caring	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt really nervous when a tornado canceled on a date. i was just nervous
2	22	proud	caring	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to get my finances with and and my my to pay off.
28	22	content	caring	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt pretty good last week. i got was a a my car.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i really wanted to get the in the car and the car was cancelled
1	22	afraid	caring	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last week i had a huge on my my at the. i felt so.
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy to see that my son was his attendance the the the the other day
29	22	impressed	caring	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was really this broadway show hamilton. i didn't know it.
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i studied all week for my exam last week. i felt so bad
31	22	devastated	caring	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a was a a a for a work and my car was cancelled. i am so upset
21	22	disappointed	caring	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my favorite pizza place closed down last week. i am so hurt about it.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so of of my co - worker, they are not me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my daughter is getting married. all the her kids she is
2	17	proud	surprised	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my mom gave me some money to watch her.. i think it is so..
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am devastated. i heard a a and and all the all the chat.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am feeling with myself for my my son's birthday is approaching.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was supposed to have a work today, and my my came on my my
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was cleaning out my my and and found my old toys! i was so!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am happy with my wife, i have a girlfriend, i, i feel a lot
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a woman in in my room at work for a me on the way back
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy when my son got his first and he his.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my cat ran away from my mother. i am so angry about it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in in the woods and and a man came out and the the the the.
31	17	devastated	surprised	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	i broke my favorite today. it's been a week and it's so.
7	17	sad	surprised	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a few weeks ago, my friend was i was i was i was so upset.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i ate all of my favorite last night. i feel so bad.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt pretty nervous when a tornado canceled on a date. i was just to go
2	17	proud	surprised	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to get my finances with and and my my to pay off.
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt pretty good last week. i got was a a car accident.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i used to get the best in my car the the the the day
1	17	afraid	surprised	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last night i had a huge day at my house. i was was my favorite.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy to see that my son was his attendance in the the the the
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was watching the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think it would happen.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i studied all week for my exam last week. i did not know it
31	17	devastated	surprised	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a was a to a a for my work and i found out i was was
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my favorite pizza place closed down last week and i am so hurt about it.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband is an over the road truck driver and we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
10	4	prepared	terrified	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband is an over the road truck driver and we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
10	22	prepared	caring	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband is an over the road truck driver and we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
10	17	prepared	surprised	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband's dog is in a 60s and he is installing a wood boiler so i'' t get the the house is so quiet. the house is so quiet and the's not to. i'm so to see how much we love one another.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i just told my friend that i'm not to to to to. i i't t know what i i't i i'm so to
6	25	angry	anticipating	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	as a coach, i remember the the i wanted to to buy a new. i i was't have to go the the the it was was a.. the the.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm always been the amount of the past lately. it's my of my coworkers of them and it's not to. i '.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i have to go to the my my my my friend on her own. i i't the the of the time i i i i my husband and i to get. i to go to me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i just told my friend that i'm not to to to to. i i't t know what i i't i'm so to to him
6	4	angry	terrified	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	as a coach, i remember the the i wanted to go to the. i was to to i was so. i the the the the the the and the was was a. i felt like.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm always the the amount of the past. it's the the of of my my....'s been to my family and the house.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i have to go my my my my my my the other day. i i't have to i it. i i't know what to do that i am for her.
16	22	guilty	caring	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i just told my friend that i'm not to to to to. i i't t know what i i't i'm so to to him
6	22	angry	caring	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	as a coach, i remember the the i wanted to go to the. i was to to i was so. i the the the the the the the was was the. i was was the.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm always for the the the of the past. it's the the of the the the of my life. it's the the the the the.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i have to take my dog to the the the other day. i didn't know how to go. i i i i i i i for it and i i feel bad for him.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i just told my friend that i'm not to to to to. i i't t know what i i't i'm so to to him
6	17	angry	surprised	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	as a coach, i remember the the i i wanted to for the. i was to to i was the. i the the, i was the the the the the was was in the and i was was the.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm been quite hard at the past of of the past. it's the...'s been, and the the the the the. it's not to.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i used to get my my my my my my i'i't have to go. it's a to to i to to i i'm to to to.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	me and my girlfriend is going through a tough.. we are going to to the to to we are't be able to go to the house with our family.
3	4	faithful	terrified	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	me and my girlfriend is going through a tough.. we are going to to to to the to and we are both out of it is not to to to to.
3	22	faithful	caring	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	me and my girlfriend is going through a tough.. we are going to to be to the to the to the to the to. we are't be able to go.
3	17	faithful	surprised	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	me and my girlfriend is going through a tough.. we are going to to to to the to the to we are't be the to we're so much.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" i've got older i've been in my hometown so i, i i'm just to to to i'm i'm just to to it's not to, and i'm just so it's not to to
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" i's a new " " " " i'm afraid to see how i've been to, i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i'm a to "
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" i just moved to my parents and i've got married. i'm not to to to, but i i'm not to the the to get things to i'm not.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" i just'' t have the first time i i i i i i i. i i'm just to to see how much i i and and i, and i, i i i i " " " " " " " " " " " " "
6	25	angry	anticipating	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really do not like the new education law.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't like that i should be trust worthy.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i've the the amount of time i'm
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	it makes me feel my my brother to do something for my
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i thought i would get my bonus this week.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm very pleased with the way my in in in this summer
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's mom is going to. she's so.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	why can i get to to the the in the?
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i feel i i'm so....
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i walked into the first day of the car
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my husband went out a a for for dinner.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was driving into and i and i came to get me
16	25	guilty	anticipating	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i ate all this way.. i feel like for my.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i really wish i could sing like, like michael jackson.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	once i i like the the like the the unknown.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a pretty scared settlement. i just not not want to
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i spent a lot of time by myself at a child.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i felt very confident after the gym i i not know what.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. i am so nervous.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty lonely before i met my girlfriend and friend group
7	25	sad	anticipating	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	the time i made me feel bad. it.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i knew my friend would help me with my best
6	4	angry	terrified	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really do not like the new education law.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't like that i should be trust worthy.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i've always the the the i i i have
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	to believe my friend said she would never cheat on me
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i lied to my friend. i feel bad about it
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm very pleased with the way my in in the
31	4	devastated	terrified	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's girlfriend is going to. i'm so..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	why can i get to go on the thes
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i feel like i'm getting sick...
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i walked into the wrong on the first time the other day
23	4	trusting	terrified	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my mom went on a with a for two hours
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was driving into an interview and i came to to get
16	4	guilty	terrified	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	after killing all of therapy i am now. i have.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i really wish i could sing like, like michael jackson.
14	4	lonely	terrified	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.
1	4	afraid	terrified	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i think i i like the the the i i to the the.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a pretty scaredful. i just not want to
14	4	lonely	terrified	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i spent a lot of time by myself at a child.
2	4	proud	terrified	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i feel very about the when i i i i my my.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. i am so nervous.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty lonely before i met my girlfriend and friend group
7	4	sad	terrified	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	one time i was robbed at my.. i feel bad.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i knew my friend would help me with my best friend
6	22	angry	caring	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really do not like the new education law.
23	22	trusting	caring	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't like that people are so much.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i've always the the of the i i have
30	22	apprehensive	caring	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	to believe my friend said she didnt get my dog
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i lied to my wife and i am it so much.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm very pleased with the way my in in the
31	22	devastated	caring	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's mom is away. she's so hard.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	why can i get to to the the in the?
27	22	hopeful	caring	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i feel like i'm getting sick...
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i walked into the first day of the car
23	22	trusting	caring	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my mom went on a with her friends for her.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was driving into and i i to to get on with my
16	22	guilty	caring	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i ate all this way.. i feel like.
8	22	jealous	caring	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i really wish i could sing like, like michael jackson.
14	22	lonely	caring	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my kids are in school all day i get lonely sometimes.
1	22	afraid	caring	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i think i i like the the the i like to.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a pretty pretty settlement. i just not not want to
14	22	lonely	caring	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i spent a lot of time by myself at a child.
2	22	proud	caring	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i felt this way because my son was not the the..
26	22	anxious	caring	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. i am so nervous.
14	22	lonely	caring	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty lonely before i met my girlfriend and friend group
7	22	sad	caring	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	one time i lied to me. i feel bad about it.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i knew my friend would help me when my brother went
6	17	angry	surprised	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really do not like the new education law.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't like that i should trust worthy.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i've always felt all the time i i have
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	to believe my friend didn't pay my me.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i lied to my friend and i am not sure it.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm very pleased with the way things are in at work
31	17	devastated	surprised	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's mom is away. she's so hard.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	why can i believe i to go to the the the
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i feel sad i'm't get..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i walked into the first day on the first day
23	17	trusting	surprised	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my mom went on a with a with no reason
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was waiting for an interview and was told that my friend was cancelled
16	17	guilty	surprised	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	after killing all of therapy i feel like. it is so much.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i really wish i could sing like, like michael jackson.
14	17	lonely	surprised	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.
1	17	afraid	surprised	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i think i i like the the the i like to the.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a pretty scaredful. i just not not want to
14	17	lonely	surprised	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i spent a lot of time with myself at a child.
2	17	proud	surprised	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i am feeling this way because i i to my son.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty lonely before i met my girlfriend and friend group
7	17	sad	surprised	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog ran away from home. i am so sad.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	one time i felt bad bad. i was my.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i knew my friend would help me with my best friend
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i took my marks back from my job. i was i was i i that i would do.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i once was walking in the pool and i was in in front of me and. i was up and and and the the
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was so to to go to the the, but i'm not to, but i'm.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have been studying for my job interview. i think i am going to do it in the..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad gave me a gold necklace my favorite school and i i it. i i it it it was a of it
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was so when i was at the store and i some people were there for me. they were the.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was a a kid of the my my. it was a a.. i was so. i was so.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found out my my grandfathers old closet. all over the. it brought back so many memories. i had to them
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm going to be a a tonight. i i't know what i'm going to do.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday, i was caught my, i i was upset. i was my my my my..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in a long mood and a my of mine, but my me me to me. i will be able to go
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just moved to my my house for my birthday. i am having a with my friends. i am so to.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i went to go to the with my friends. i was up with my a girlfriend. my friends.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	when i was in the the my my my my car. on the,, i was was the the the..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so tired of people in canada, they are to to to to to the to and and i see people in
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just to to get my favorite band. i'm t wait to see all the i i i't
29	25	impressed	anticipating	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a friend of mine just got a new from my... it was me to to my my to to
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the store the other day and my some of. me. it made me feel to.
19	4	confident	terrified	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i took my marks back to my i i i i i that i would not get a.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	once i was in a a and, and a of people in. the oven. i had to to up in front of my pants
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i'm not to to to to the but, i i't know what i'm going to do.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have been studying for my job interview. i think i am going to do my i am in the.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad told me that my favorite my favorite my. i i i was i was to to my it was a a
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was so when i was at the store to go to the bathroom. some people were there.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was a a kid of the my house. it was a.. i was was it was it was
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found out my my cat in my closet. they were all over and and it it's so much to.
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm going to be a a tonight but i'm not i'm not to it.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday, i was caught my, i i was upset. i was my my my my..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in in a long mood with my friend, but i to up with me, but i'm not to
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just moved my money to my house. i am having to with my. i am it is my best.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i went to go to a party with my friend. i i was to to my my my..
10	4	prepared	terrified	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	it was my first day ever teaching high school. i have to use the the in. the was was a.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so tired of being having to the gym and not the the, i, i to to to to to to
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just to to get my favorite band. i'm t wait to see all the i i i't
29	4	impressed	terrified	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a friend of mine just got a in a new... me. i was a to to my to.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the store the other day and my my... me. it it was me.
19	22	confident	caring	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i took my my my omar, i was i was i. i was so t believe it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	once i was in a a and, and a in front of me, causing me to to to the the and and the the
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was pretty looking forward to the, but my friend was me me, but i'm not.
19	22	confident	caring	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have been studying for my job interview. i think i am going to do my i am in the.
8	22	jealous	caring	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad told me my my my my. i i my my my brother. i he he'' t have a
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was so when when i was to the the the of the demise of a people in the..
29	22	impressed	caring	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was a a kid of the the my house. it was a. i was was it was it was
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found out my my cat in my closet. it all over the and and it's it it my hunger..
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm going to get a new but i i'm not i'm not to it.
15	22	ashamed	caring	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday, i was caught my, i i was i. i was i was my my was.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in a long mood and my my is on me.. i me, but i i'to to me
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just bought my my my birthday birthday party.. i am with my friends and i am so to miss him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i went to a party party for dinner with my friend. i saw the wrong and it was.
10	22	prepared	caring	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	when i was in the my house the the first time in the middle of the.. i was up with the the.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am a competitive,, i have been, a lot, people, people are just to to and and and and
27	22	hopeful	caring	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just to to get my favorite band. i'm t wait to see what i i '.
29	22	impressed	caring	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a friend of mine just got a new from my... it was me of my my money to the a new.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the the the other day and my of my coworker. it was me about it.
19	17	confident	surprised	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i took my final test i had to study and i i i i i i did not know to do.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	once i was in a neighborhood, a lizard and in front of me, causing me to slam the the and and i had to
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i'm really to to the to for my, but i'm not to, but i'm not.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have been studying for my job interview. i am i to the the i i i i will be a good.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad gave me an argument my brother that i had. i. i was it was it was my favorite.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was so when i was at the store and i some people were there for me in the the.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was a a kid of the the the other day. i was so. i was so it was so..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found out my my cat left her nose and it it all over it and it brought back so much.
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm going to get a new but i i'i'm not to it at all.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday, i was caught taking the bus. i was to my my i was i was..
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in in a long mood with my friend, but we are going to to the to and it's not good
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just my my birthday card from my birthday. i. i am so with my i have no one to talk to.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i went to go to the with my friends. i was was my with my friends. i was so.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	it was my first day ever teaching high school. i have ever taught elemebtary school and i was so scared.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am a of a simple taste, i people are not to to to to to, and i and to to to the
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just to to get my favorite band. i'm t wait to see all the i i i't
29	17	impressed	surprised	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a friend of mine just got a in a and and of my.. he was to to to me to go to the
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the the other day and my friend cheered me up. it was a to to.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i love the new pokemon movie on my.. i think it is the the.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i have my my wife and. he is me me and and and me me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone threw away my lunch at work. it made me so angry. i am so angry.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just a a a on on a date. i am so nervous about it.
28	25	content	anticipating	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i feel so alone when my husband is my girlfriend.. i feel so lonely
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt like i did well on my test test. i studied hard for it
12	25	excited	anticipating	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i will be a on vacation tomorrow week. i am so stoked about it!
28	25	content	anticipating	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to the park the other day. it was so relaxing reading a book under a tree.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i overslept and my my wife and and it's really bad.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy. i just got to see how it seems to be and the the
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my best friend just moved to another state. i've been been her for years.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am going to a on with my friend. i i not to to it to work
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i had a meal at the restaurant last night. it was quite relaxing.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little upset with my friend. i had to to to me
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend got a new hat adidas card. i had to have to.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i was to to my home and and my my came home with my my
7	25	sad	anticipating	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when i took my to to to to to my party. i just wanted it to be
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i love the new car on my car. i think it is the the the.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i am my my my and my friend is not and me me. i love me.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone threw away my lunch at work today. i was so upset about it.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just a a on on a date. i am so i about it.
28	4	content	terrified	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i feel so bad when my my wife is on her.. i feel so lucky
10	4	prepared	terrified	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt like i did well on my test test. i studied hard for it
12	4	excited	terrified	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i will be a on a trip tomorrow week. i am so nervous about it will be so
28	4	content	terrified	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to go to the park all by myself. i felt so bad about it.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i overslept and my my and my and it's..
28	4	content	terrified	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy. i just got to see how it all of the kids and it
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my best friend just moved to another state. i've been been her for years.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am going to have some money from my.. i am not to it to
28	4	content	terrified	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i had a meal at the restaurant yesterday. it was quite satisfied with my..
7	4	sad	terrified	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little upset with my friend. i had to to to to me
8	4	jealous	terrified	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend got a new hat adidas card. i had to have them money.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i got to to my my and my my came home to my my a home
7	4	sad	terrified	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when my dad had to borrow my to to me. i was him to he did
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i love the new car on my my.. i think i the to.
9	22	grateful	caring	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i have my my wife and. he is me me and and and me me.
6	22	angry	caring	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone threw away my lunch at work today. i was so upset about it.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just a a on on a new. i am so i it.
28	22	content	caring	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i feel so bad with my husband. i is i feel so bad
10	22	prepared	caring	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt like i did well on my test test. i studied hard hard
12	22	excited	caring	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i will be a on vacation tomorrow week. i am so stoked that i cant wait
28	22	content	caring	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to eat dinner by myself today. i was quite pleased with the meal.
16	22	guilty	caring	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i overslept and my my and and felt really bad about it.
28	22	content	caring	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy. i just got to see how it it is to to me.
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my best friend just moved to another state. i'm been her her her.
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am going to a on with my friend. i i't have to it.
28	22	content	caring	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i had a meal at the restaurant today. it was quite satisfied with my meal.
7	22	sad	caring	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little upset with my friend. i had to to to to me
8	22	jealous	caring	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend got a new hat adidas card. i had to have them money.
14	22	lonely	caring	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i got to to my my and my my friend gave me a gift for the
7	22	sad	caring	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when my dad got to to my dream school. i wanted him to to have it
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i hate the new printer at my job. my favorite restaurant is the..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i have my my wife and. he is me me and and and me me
6	17	angry	surprised	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone threw away my lunch at work today. i was so upset about it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i just a a on on a date. i am so i about it.
28	17	content	surprised	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i feel so sad when my husband left me. i. i am so
10	17	prepared	surprised	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt bad when i did not get the promotion at my job i was studied for
12	17	excited	surprised	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i will be a on vacation tomorrow week. i am so stoked that i cant wait
28	17	content	surprised	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to gobee for dinner today. it was my favorite. i was satisfied with my meal.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i overslept and my my and and felt really bad about it.
28	17	content	surprised	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy. i just got to see how it it has to be a
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my best friend just moved to another state. i'm been her her her her.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am going to a on with my friend. i haven't been on a long time
28	17	content	surprised	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i had a meal at the night.. i felt like it was my..
7	17	sad	surprised	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little upset with my friend. i had to to to to it
8	17	jealous	surprised	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend got a huge mess with me. he had to to for the.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i got to to my my and my my dog had to my home to thank me.
7	17	sad	surprised	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when my dad got to to my to to me. i i him. it
6	25	angry	anticipating	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my son had to have a over for a few months and he he had a a in a of of. i had to him in
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used to be a a in in a row, but it's me me me. i'm a to it's not to to
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was going through some old the the other day and the of my i had on the.. it me me up and my and it made me miss my
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was watching down youtube rabbit and and there were so much....... i was to to and it it's so..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i really wanted to go my a car to a my back. my friend was i. i was to to to me to get it. it was me.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was a a down on a road trip with my friend. i i to to me me and my my my me. i me to to me
6	25	angry	anticipating	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i had some food done today the doctor today. it was me not to. it it's not to to..
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so looking forward to the the of the.. i am't of how much i i will. it's my favorite
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i got the new a new car. it was the first time i had been been it, it it was a to to and it it all the the!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i work with myself for so much. i i i. i. i am so to i i i it. i feel bad
6	4	angry	terrified	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my daughter had to go a a for a few weeks. i have my on her own. she is so a to me and i
23	4	trusting	terrified	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used to have a lot of money in my. but i i'm not to to it... i'm t to to
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was going through some old the the other day and found some of my old stuff from me. it it was it it brought back a lot of memories
20	4	furious	terrified	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was watching down youtube rabbits and there were so much. i were there. i was to to to and it it was me to.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i really wanted to go my a date with a friend. i was i was i. i was i was i to go it with me. i was so.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was a a down a a magazine and my my my my i got me a car. i my boss to me and i me to to
6	4	angry	terrified	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i had some food done today the doctor today. it was me not to, but i it's not to.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so looking forward to the the of the.. i am't of how much i am in so many people in
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i got a new car that i was the the the the the the. it was a to the the the the the it was the the i was the the the the the it was
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i cooked for hours for the my... i feel so bad because i am so t have to share my back.
6	22	angry	caring	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my son had to have a over for a few months ago. he he he to to to a a a a a a..
23	22	trusting	caring	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used to have a lot of people in my. but i i'm not to to it.. i'm not to to to
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was going through some oldutter in the attic the other day and found some of my old stuff. it made me miss the my i had in it
20	22	furious	caring	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was watching by myself today. i was to to up and some people were so. they were there. i was to to...
9	22	grateful	caring	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i really wanted to go my my my my my a date with my friends. i was to to. i was to to it was so. i was to go.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was a a down a few weeks ago and my friend cheered me up on the. i i me to i i to to me and i me!
6	22	angry	caring	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i had some tests done this the food, but i didn't know what it was. it was a..
12	22	excited	caring	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so looking forward to the the of the.. i am't of how much of my powers. it's so
12	22	excited	caring	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i got the new car of my i had been saving for. it was a to to it was the first time i i had been able to get it all day!
16	22	guilty	caring	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i cooked for the for for my... i feel so bad because i miss them so much and i to have to
6	17	angry	surprised	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my son had to have a over for a few months ago. he he he to to to a a of money to take care of it.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used to have a lot of money in my. but i i'm not to to it it out. it's not to
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was going through some oldutter in the attic the other day and found some of my old stuff. it made me miss my my childhood
20	17	furious	surprised	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was watching by myself at work today. i was to to up and some people. it it...........
9	17	grateful	surprised	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i really wanted to go my a car for a week my sister. it was me me me when i was i i it was a to. i was't.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was driving down a a and when i came home from my i was to to my my i i to to me me to me!
6	17	angry	surprised	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i had some food done today, but i was to the the the.. i it was the, but i was't.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so looking forward to the the of the.. i am't of how much my money goes up and i am so
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i got a new at the other day! i've been been to the the for for the years. it it's the first time i've been in!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i ate all the last piece of cake. it was me feel so i i i i i i for it and i am so.
