28	17	content	surprised	lifes going good right now	abilities to love to love
9	17	grateful	surprised	i became a dad today.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	17	devastated	surprised	my favorite fish died : (	my pet cat died being cat
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have a birthday. my aunt. my children were still up.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i was ready for my exams	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am terrified of clows	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	when my child lied to me	when my daughter had a sore throat
24	17	disgusted	surprised	donald trump makes me sick.	seeing someone was breaking into my apartment
29	17	impressed	surprised	the teeth of some patients!	the teeth of love unugug
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared walking home alone	i was shocked when i was my apartment last night
20	17	furious	surprised	they through thinner on my car	i called someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	17	sad	surprised	i watched a depressing movie	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife so much	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	17	proud	surprised	my husband got a promotion!	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i pray for better days.	i love my ankle. for the first time.
28	4	content	terrified	lifes going good right now	abilities to love to eat
9	4	grateful	terrified	i became a dad today.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	4	devastated	terrified	my favorite fish died : (	my pet snake broke being cat
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an exam tomorrow.	i love my mother. my children have been love for support.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i was ready for my exams	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am terrified of clows	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	when my child lied to me	when my boss had someone had me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	donald trump makes me sick.	seeing someone was breaking into my apartment
29	4	impressed	terrified	the teeth of some patients!	the teeth ofplplug
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared walking home alone	i was shocked when i was my apartment last night
20	4	furious	terrified	they through thinner on my car	i called someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	4	sad	terrified	i watched a depressing movie	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife so much	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	my husband got a promotion!	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i pray for better days.	i love my ankle. for 2 weeks.
28	22	content	caring	lifes going good right now	abilities to love to love
9	22	grateful	caring	i became a dad today.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	22	devastated	caring	my favorite fish died : (	my aunt died my cat died
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have a birthday. my mother.
10	22	prepared	caring	i was ready for my exams	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
1	22	afraid	caring	i am terrified of clows	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
21	22	disappointed	caring	when my child lied to me	when my boss had someone had me
24	22	disgusted	caring	donald trump makes me sick.	seeing someone was breaking into my apartment
29	22	impressed	caring	the teeth of some patients!	the teeth of someone into my apartment
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared walking home alone	i was shocked when i was my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	they through thinner on my car	i called someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	22	sad	caring	i watched a depressing movie	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife so much	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	22	proud	caring	my husband got a promotion!	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i pray for better days.	i love my ankle. for 2 weeks.
28	25	content	anticipating	lifes going good right now	abilities to love to love
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i became a dad today.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my favorite fish died : (	my aunt died my cat
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an exam tomorrow.	i love my mother. my mother's birthday this weekend.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i was ready for my exams	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am terrified of clows	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	when my child lied to me	when my boss had someone had me
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	donald trump makes me sick.	seeing someone was breaking into my apartment
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the teeth of some patients!	the teeth of love unugug
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared walking home alone	i was shocked when i was my apartment last night
20	25	furious	anticipating	they through thinner on my car	i to mcdonalds on my apartment last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	i watched a depressing movie	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife so much	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	25	proud	anticipating	my husband got a promotion!	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i pray for better days.	i love my ankle. for 2 weeks.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
10	17	prepared	surprised	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	a few months ago i broke my growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
28	17	content	surprised	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth...
8	17	jealous	surprised	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last night i took my apartment. i had so much family, it made me very happy.
19	17	confident	surprised	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i used a scary's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i saw a bear the other night, and it still has me super spooked.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	there was a wild wildl in in my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i was very excited to see my my.. i love her with for months.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
9	17	grateful	surprised	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	there was a wild wildll in that night, and it still has me super spooked.
12	17	excited	surprised	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i love to eat every time i would get drunk in college... i am so to to to
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth....
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, it still has me super spooked.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my daughter is a 14 throat this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i was waiting to see my new for the. time. i need to get drunk in college... i'm worried about how much.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i was shocked when i saw a bear. my apartment. i had no idea when i would get delivered.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i for..
10	17	prepared	surprised	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	every time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, and it made me super happy.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my daughter is a 14 throat this weekend. i love her with a gift and i love her so much.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i was supposed to see the new get the for time. and i'm scared to see the haha
10	17	prepared	surprised	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a wild fell and and it took me super planted. i took him to the vet to be touch.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
10	4	prepared	terrified	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	there is a few months ago i broke my plant. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
28	4	content	terrified	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth...
8	4	jealous	terrified	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last night i took my apartment. i had so much family, it made me very happy.
19	4	confident	terrified	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i used a scary's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i saw a bear the other night, and it still has me super spooked.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	there was a wild fell and and it took it in to the house to get delivered. i had no.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i was very excited to see my my.. i lived in for 2 weeks.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
9	4	grateful	terrified	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	there was a wild wildll inl and and it took me super spooked. i took him to the vet to be touch.
12	4	excited	terrified	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i love to eat every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to to to
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth... i i'm scared to
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my daughter is a 14 throat this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift, i love her.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i was waiting to see for my apartment. i need to get drunk in college... i'm worried about how much money i'm gonna have to
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i was shocked when i used to get in my apartment last night, i i and i'm scared to
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i for a.
10	4	prepared	terrified	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	every day i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, and it made me super happy.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my daughter is a 14 throat this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift and i love her so much.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i was supposed to see the new get the for time. and i'm scared to the haha
10	4	prepared	terrified	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a wild fell and and took it in for months. i had no, i had no.
26	22	anxious	caring	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
10	22	prepared	caring	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	there is a couple months ago i have my.. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
28	22	content	caring	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth...
8	22	jealous	caring	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last night i took a dog into my apartment. i was shocked, i had no.
19	22	confident	caring	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i used a scary's every time i would get drunk in college.... now i'm scared to
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
0	22	sentimental	caring	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	there was a wild fell and and it took it in to the vet to get delivered.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so excited to see the new james movie movie. i love my and and now they're gonna be me.
19	22	confident	caring	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
9	22	grateful	caring	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	there was a wild wildll inl and and it took me super spooked. i took him to the vet to be touch.
12	22	excited	caring	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i love to eat every time i would get drunk in college... i am so to to to
27	22	hopeful	caring	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth... i i'm scared to
24	22	disgusted	caring	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my daughter is a 14 throat this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift, i love her.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i was waiting to my for for work. my children were still up watching cartoons.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i was shocked when i saw a bear. i had no idea when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
21	22	disappointed	caring	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i for a.
10	22	prepared	caring	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	every day i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, and it made me super happy.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my daughter is a 14 throat this weekend. i love her with a gift and i love her so much.
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i woke a scary today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i was supposed to see the new's in. time i'm scared to get get drunk in college....
10	22	prepared	caring	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a wild fell and and took it in for months. i had no, i had no.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	there is a couple months ago i have my.. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth...
8	25	jealous	anticipating	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last night i took a dog into my apartment. i was shocked, i had no.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i used a really good time and it has been me super spooked.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i saw a bear the other night, and it still has me super spooked.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	there was a wild wildl in in my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so excited to see the new james movie movie. i have to wait for the to
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	there was a wild wildll inl and and it took me super spooked. i took him to the vet to be touch.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i love to eat every time i would get drunk in college... i am so to to to
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth....
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my daughter is a 14 throat this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift, i love her.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i was waiting to see for my apartment. time i would get drunk in college.... i'm worried about how much money i'm gonna have to
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i was shocked when i used to get my apartment. i had no idea when i would get delivered.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.. i i for..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	every time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, and it made me super happy.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my daughter is a 14 throat this weekend. i love her so much, and it's getting me.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i still still.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i was supposed to see the new get the for time, and it's gonna have me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a wild fell and and it took me super planted. i took him to the vet to be touch.
28	17	content	surprised	i am ok with my current money situation.	i was shocked with my aunt for my.
28	17	content	surprised	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	im finally 6 months. my children has has started watching 2
12	17	excited	surprised	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	waiting for my cat. my children were still up watching cartoons.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
7	17	sad	surprised	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had someone had into my apartment last night
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my boss saw a was running into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	to to to to.. a couple of days.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my mother had a cat throat. night.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have no friends at my new job.	i love a new on my apartment.
5	17	joyful	surprised	it's been such a terrific week!	it's a to to see this weekend.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i was excited to see my new...
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my exam next week.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am pleased with my children's score	i am pleased with my children's
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a test in a month from now	i love a new. my apartment. i had no idea.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	17	trusting	surprised	when my friend said she would return my car	when my daughter had a sore throat last night.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all the material for the exam.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	17	guilty	surprised	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	stepfather and was ordered a night, and it still still me super spooked.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
28	17	content	surprised	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i was shocked to see the new james bond movie.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was elon musk.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	4	content	terrified	i am ok with my current money situation.	i was shocked with my aunt for my.
28	4	content	terrified	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i planted 6 garden and was excited in anticipation of the growth.
12	4	excited	terrified	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	no one took my final last my apartment.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
7	4	sad	terrified	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had someone had into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my boss was a into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	to to to to....
14	4	lonely	terrified	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my mother had a cat throat last night.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have no friends at my new job.	i love a new on my apartment.
5	4	joyful	terrified	it's been such a terrific week!	it's a to to see this weekend.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i was excited to see my new....
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my exam next week.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am pleased with my children's score	i am pleased with my children's
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a test in a month from now	i love a new. my apartment. i had no idea.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	4	trusting	terrified	when my friend said she would return my car	when my daughter had a sore throat last night.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all the material for the exam.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	stepfather while i was running into my apartment, i still still.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
28	4	content	terrified	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i've been waiting for the new.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was elon musk.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	22	content	caring	i am ok with my current money situation.	i was shocked with my aunt. my children.
28	22	content	caring	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	im finally started 14.. my children were still up watching cartoons!
12	22	excited	caring	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	no one took my final last my graduation.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
7	22	sad	caring	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had someone had into my apartment last night
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my boss had a sore throat last night
12	22	excited	caring	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	going to cruise. have a 14 day coming up. so happy.
14	22	lonely	caring	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my mother had a cat throat. night.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have no friends at my new job.	i love a new on my apartment.
5	22	joyful	caring	it's been such a terrific week!	it's a to to see this weekend.
12	22	excited	caring	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i was excited to see my new...
15	22	ashamed	caring	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my exam next week.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
29	22	impressed	caring	i am pleased with my children's score	i am pleased with my children's
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a test in a month from now	i love a new on my apartment. i had no idea.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	22	confident	caring	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	22	trusting	caring	when my friend said she would return my car	when my dog had a dog, it was me
24	22	disgusted	caring	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all the material for the exam.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	22	guilty	caring	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	stepfather was ordered and i was still in my apartment last night
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
28	22	content	caring	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i was shocked to eat a my garden.
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was elon musk.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
28	25	content	anticipating	i am ok with my current money situation.	i was shocked with my aunt coming up.
28	25	content	anticipating	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	im love cruise. have a 14 day coming up. so happy.
12	25	excited	anticipating	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	waiting for my cat. my children were still up watching cartoons.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
7	25	sad	anticipating	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had someone had into my apartment last night
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my boss had a huge into the other night
12	25	excited	anticipating	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	to to to to.. a new.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my mother had a cat throat. night.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have no friends at my new job.	i love a new on my apartment.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it's been such a terrific week!	it's a to to love this weekend.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am excited to see my new. this..
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my exam next week.	i was excited my aunt took my graduation.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am pleased with my children's score	i am pleased with my children's
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a test in a month from now	i love a new. my apartment. week.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when my friend said she would return my car	when my daughter had a sore throat last night.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all the material for the exam.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	25	guilty	anticipating	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	every time i ordered a game, it was still, i still still.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm getting a. my children were still up watching cartoons.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was elon musk.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was to to to the to the to the to the to the to the to the vet to be....
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	a few months ago i broke my growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	there is a wild wild inl, and i still out. i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my friend had a cat cat that i had so much time, and it's getting late, i'm not to touch it haha
1	17	afraid	surprised	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just finished a 14 months ago i broke my children. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i thought someone was supposed into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son had a 14 throat this year. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter is a 14 in this week. i was scared to the vet to get delivered.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i found my puppies on my garden. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
2	17	proud	surprised	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my daughter had a 14 throat this weekend. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i thought a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my aunt was was drunk into my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i love my new. my house for work. i need to support, they're gonna have me
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i love a new.. i would get drunk in college.... i i'm scared to even even
10	17	prepared	surprised	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i planted my garden and was so excited in the of the growth. i. i. i.
7	17	sad	surprised	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my cat cat i had 14 cat this weekend. i'm scared to see the vet to be touch.
20	17	furious	surprised	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to see the dog touch it
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, and i'm in to the vet to be touch.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was shocked today, my cat. my children were still up watching cartoons, they were still up watching cartoons!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i was shocked when a aunt that my aunt, i lived in. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
7	17	sad	surprised	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i thought a scary last night, and it still has me super spooked.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i used to eat a a time and was so excited to the the to the first time, and it made me super scared.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i love my mother. i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
5	17	joyful	surprised	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my husband and i took a few months ago and it took him. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was to to to the to the to the to the to the to the to the vet to be....
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	a few months ago i broke my neo, i had no. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	there is a wild wild inl, and i still out. i took it and i the him. i took him.
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my friend had a cat throat this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift, i love him, i'm scared to
1	4	afraid	terrified	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	love to cruise. have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i thought someone was supposed into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son had a 14 throat this weekend. i was shocked with him, and i'm in to touch this year.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter is a 14 in this week. i scared to to touch it would be delivered.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
2	4	proud	terrified	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my daughter had a sore throat this year. i still have this year..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i thought a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my aunt was a cat, it was me, i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i love my mother. i have to wait for the to to for... i love her so much.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i love a new. i was so to to the to the for the first time, and they're not me.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i planted my garden and was so excited in the of the growth. i. i. i. i.
7	4	sad	terrified	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my cat cat i had a 14 day up. so i'm in to of vet for 2 weeks.
20	4	furious	terrified	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to touch it haha
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked, and i'm in to touch this year.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was shocked today, my apartment. i took my of the to to, and i had no.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i was shocked when a aunt that my aunt and i lived in. i and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	4	sad	terrified	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i thought a scary last night, and it still has me super spooked.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i used to eat a a time and was so scared to the to the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i love my mother. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
5	4	joyful	terrified	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my husband and i had a 14 months and and it took a week., i'm scared to touch it haha
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was to to to the to the to the to the to the to the vet to get.. i i'm scared to even even it haha
11	22	embarrassed	caring	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	a few months ago i broke my neo, i had no. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
27	22	hopeful	caring	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	there is a wild wild inl, and i still out. i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my friend had a cat cat that i had so much time, and it's getting late, i'm scared to
1	22	afraid	caring	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just finished a 14 months ago i broke my children. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i thought someone was supposed into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
5	22	joyful	caring	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son had a 14 throat this year. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
10	22	prepared	caring	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter is a 14 in this week. i was scared to the vet to get delivered.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
2	22	proud	caring	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my daughter had a 14 throat this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift, i love her. much.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
21	22	disappointed	caring	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i thought a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my aunt was a cat, i had so much family, it made me very happy.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i love my new. i have my house for for. i have to for. i love her so much.
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i love a new.. i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to even even
10	22	prepared	caring	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i planted my garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i took it and i'm gonna have to spend
7	22	sad	caring	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my cat cat i had a 14 months ago and i've lived in. i'm scared to touch it haha
20	22	furious	caring	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to touch it haha
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter had a sore throat this night. i was shocked. i would get drunk in college.... i'm worried it would be delivered.
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was driving into my apartment. i took it in to the the to the vet to be delivered.
12	22	excited	caring	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i was shocked when a new. i. i. i and i and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	22	sad	caring	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i thought a scary last night, and it still has me super spooked.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i used to eat a a time and was so scared to the to the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
23	22	trusting	caring	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i love my mother. i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
5	22	joyful	caring	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my husband and i took a few months ago and it took him. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was to to to the to the to the to the to the to the to the vet to be...
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	a few months ago i broke my growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	there is a wild wild inl, and i still out. i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my friend had a cat to 2 weeks. i love him and i'm scared to get him.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	love to cruise. have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i thought someone was supposed into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son has a 14 throat in 14 months. and i'm in to touch this year.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter is a 14 in this week. i scared to to touch it would be delivered.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i thought someone was supposed into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my daughter had a sore throat this year. i love him so much, and i'm worried.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i can to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i thought a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my friend was a cat into a apartment. i was a, and it still has me super spooked.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i love my new. i have to wait for the to to. for the first... i love him and i'm gonna have to
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i love a new. i love my house. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i love my house for the day. i had so much time and and it still has me super spooked.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my mother's cat this weekend. i'm scared to touch her touch it haha
20	25	furious	anticipating	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to touch it haha
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked. i would get drunk in college.... i'm worried it would be delivered.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was shocked and was driving into my apartment. i took it in to the the to to, and i had no.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i was shocked when a new super movie. i. i and i and i and they're gonna be me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i thought a scary last night, and it still has me super spooked.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i used to eat a a time and was so excited to the the to the first time, and it made me super scared.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i love my new.. i would get drunk in college... i am so to of uneded
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my husband and i had a 14 months and and it took a week., i'm scared to touch it haha
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was playing a game on my apartment, it was supposed to, i had no. i had no, i would get delivered.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i saw someone was running into my apartment and night, and it still has me super spooked.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
14	17	lonely	surprised	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to get and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was driving into the apartment and in the street, i took it in to the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my dad was a cat and i had a dog for the vet to get, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my daughter is a cat throat this weekend. i had him for the first time, and it's getting late, and i'm worried they're gonna have to spend this year.
5	17	joyful	surprised	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i moved my apartment. i had a couple of days i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i found my grandfather's running into my apartment, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my dog had a cat being a and and and the other day, and it's getting drunk.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was playing a game on my apartment, it was supposed to, i had no. i had no, i would get delivered.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i saw someone was running into my apartment and night, and it still has me super spooked.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
14	4	lonely	terrified	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was driving into the apartment and in the street, i took it in to the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my mother was a cat into my apartment and night, and it still has me super spooked.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my daughter is a cat throat this weekend. i had a couple of days i see this dog on the phone, and, and it's getting late.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i broke my apartment. i had a 14 day coming up. i'm scared to of the to, and i'm scared to
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i found my grandfather's running into my apartment, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my dog had a cat being a and and and the other day, and it's getting drunk, and i'm worried it's gonna have to spend this year.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was a little outside and and it took the first time i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to even even touch it haha
0	22	sentimental	caring	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i saw someone was running into my apartment. i took it in to the the to to, and i'they're gonna be delivered.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
14	22	lonely	caring	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to get and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was driving into the apartment and in the street, i took it in to the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my mother was a cat into my apartment and night, and it still has me super spooked.
2	22	proud	caring	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my daughter is a cat throat this weekend. i had a couple of days i see this dog on the phone, and, and it's getting late.
5	22	joyful	caring	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i broke my apartment. i had a 14 day coming up. i'm scared to of the to, and i'm scared to
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i found my grandfather's birthday this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift, i love her. much.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my dog had a cat being a and and and the other day, took it, i'm scared to touch it haha
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was playing a game on my apartment, it was supposed to, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it haha
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i saw someone eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to to to touch it haha
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to get scared to touch it haha
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was driving into the street and and i took the of the to to, and i had no. i would get drunk in college.... now i'm gonna have to spend
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my daughter is a sore throat this night. i had him in the house to get, and i'm in to touch this year..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i started my apartment. i had a couple of days i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i found my mother's on my apartment. i took it and i'm, and i'm worried.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to to to, to get delivered.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
20	17	furious	surprised	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my friend saw someone was into into my apartment last night, it still has me super spooked.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw a bear the other night while driving. i was shocked.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
20	17	furious	surprised	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last night i saw someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my dog had a cat throat and and it was a., i'm scared to see
19	17	confident	surprised	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	waiting my daughter for 2 months. my children were still up watching cartoons!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm really to to to the to....
9	17	grateful	surprised	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my daughter had a sore throat last night, it still made me super spooked.
19	17	confident	surprised	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i saw a bear a my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i called my house for work. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so excited for... i love my and and of unugug
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the other day i saw someone was into my apartment. i was shocked.
6	17	angry	surprised	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
20	4	furious	terrified	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my friend saw someone was into into my apartment last night, it still still me super spooked.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw a bear the other night while driving. i was shocked.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
20	4	furious	terrified	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last night i ordered a game on my apartment, it was still.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my dog had a cat throat and and it was a, i still still me super spooked.
19	4	confident	terrified	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	waiting my daughter for 2 months. my children were still up watching cartoons!
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm really to to to the to....
9	4	grateful	terrified	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my daughter had a sore throat last night, it still made me super spooked.
19	4	confident	terrified	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i saw a bear a my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i called my house for work. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so excited for... i get to of unplugging for 2 weeks.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the other day i saw someone was into my apartment. i was shocked.
6	4	angry	terrified	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the other day i saw a man eat a. i was so.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
20	22	furious	caring	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my friend saw someone was into into my apartment last night, it still has me super spooked.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw a bear the other night while driving. i was shocked.
2	22	proud	caring	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
20	22	furious	caring	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last night i ordered a apartment and it was super superooked.
5	22	joyful	caring	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my dog had a cat throat this weekend. i was shocked, and it made me very happy.
19	22	confident	caring	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
27	22	hopeful	caring	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my mother took a puppies with my cat.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm really to to to the to....
9	22	grateful	caring	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my daughter had a sore throat last night, it still made me super spooked.
19	22	confident	caring	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
0	22	sentimental	caring	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i saw a bear a my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
16	22	guilty	caring	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i called my mother's birthday this weekend. i want to surprise her with a gift, i love her.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so excited to see the new james movie movie. i love my.
13	22	annoyed	caring	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the other day i saw someone was into my apartment. i was shocked.
6	22	angry	caring	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the other day i saw a man take a dog. i was shocked.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
20	25	furious	anticipating	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my friend saw a cat being drunk and and it was still, i kept me.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw a bear the other night while driving. i was shocked.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
20	25	furious	anticipating	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last i saw someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
19	25	confident	anticipating	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	waiting my daughter has a 14ugug..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm really to to to the to....
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my daughter had a sore throat last night, it still made me super spooked.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i saw a bear a my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i called my house for work. i need to to, and they're gonna be me.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so excited to see the new james movie movie. i love my.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the other day i saw someone was into my apartment. i was shocked.
6	25	angry	anticipating	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the other day i saw a man take a dog. i was shocked.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i was shocked with a little of the the,.. i they they'they're not me.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i love a new.. i was excited to the the to for..
8	17	jealous	surprised	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was shocked to eat a every time i would get drunk in college..... i'm scared to
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	watching playing with my cat. i'm around and, and it still has me super spooked.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my dog took a cat being a and and and it took away. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i thought my dog a new. i was shocked. i would get drunk in college....
6	17	angry	surprised	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it was me to eat. i'm scared to see the other dog for.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i was shocked.
5	17	joyful	surprised	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the the day wild coming up. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
14	17	lonely	surprised	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	after a few months ago i broke my children, i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am a very happy. now. i love my of the house for..
20	17	furious	surprised	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
20	17	furious	surprised	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with me, i had no.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth...
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i love a scary game for my. i still has me super spooked.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my dog saw this cat being being and scared the other day away.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my daughter took a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my daughter had a sore throat last night., i still still me super spooked.
7	17	sad	surprised	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no idea when i had it
28	17	content	surprised	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my daughter was a 14 in in the other day, and it still has me super spooked.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	there was a wild fell in my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i was a a and for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm scared. i fed my. i had no idea they're gonna come up.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i used a scary bear, my apartment. i still up my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i was shocked with a little of around the apartment, i... i i'm scared to
10	4	prepared	terrified	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i love a new.. i was excited to the the to for..
8	4	jealous	terrified	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	a was was was running into my apartment last night, i it still has me super spooked.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was shocked to eat a every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	watching old westerns on my apartment. i still still up watching cartoons, i'm everywhere.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my dog had a cat throat this weekend. i was shocked, and it still has me super spooked.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i thought my mother was into my apartment. i was shocked. i would get drunk in college....
6	4	angry	terrified	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it was me to eat. i'm scared to see the other dog for.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the the plant plant. i still still.
5	4	joyful	terrified	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the the day wild coming up. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
14	4	lonely	terrified	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	there is a wild fel fel, and i took it in to the vet to get delivered. i i'm scared to
19	4	confident	terrified	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i was pretty shocked. my aunt that my children were still up. i had no idea when i would
20	4	furious	terrified	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth..
20	4	furious	terrified	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with a graduation, i still up.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth....
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i love a much time i was driving. my apartment. i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my dog saw this cat being being and scared the other day away.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my daughter took a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to be touch.
7	4	sad	terrified	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no idea when i had it
28	4	content	terrified	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my mother in law was a a, and the other day, and i'm in to the vet to get..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	there was a wild fel in in my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i was a a and for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i'm everywhere.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm scared to eat every time i'm scared to the the to...
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i used a scary bear that my apartment. i took it and i had no.
3	22	faithful	caring	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i was shocked with a little of around my apartment. i, they're not me.
10	22	prepared	caring	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i love a new.. i was excited to the the to for..
8	22	jealous	caring	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was shocked to eat a every time i would get drunk in college..... i'm scared to
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	watching old cat on my cat. i still up watching game, it made me super happy.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my dog had a cat throat this weekend. i was shocked, and it still has me super spooked.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i thought my dog a new. i was shocked. i would get drunk in college....
6	22	angry	caring	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it was me to eat. i'm scared to see the other dog for.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the the plant plant. i still still.
5	22	joyful	caring	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the is the day day i have a coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
14	22	lonely	caring	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	after a few months ago i broke my children, i had no. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
19	22	confident	caring	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am a very scared. my children were still up watching cartoons, i love him.
20	22	furious	caring	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth..
20	22	furious	caring	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
13	22	annoyed	caring	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with a graduation, i still up.
9	22	grateful	caring	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth....
0	22	sentimental	caring	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i love a scary game. my aunt that i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
10	22	prepared	caring	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
8	22	jealous	caring	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my dog had a cat being a and and it was still, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my daughter took a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
2	22	proud	caring	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my son had a sore throat this year. i still shocked that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the phone
7	22	sad	caring	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no idea she it would be delivered.
28	22	content	caring	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my mother in a cat and and and and in the house, i, and i'm in to the vet to be touch.
15	22	ashamed	caring	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	there was a wild fell in my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i was a a and for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm scared. i fed my. i had no idea they're gonna come back.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i used a new that my apartment and i was out of the house, i... i'm scared to
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i was shocked with a little of the the,.. i they they'they're not me.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i love a new.. i was excited to the the to for..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	the was a wild fell last night, i still still me super spooked.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was shocked to see how the new james movie.... i would get back.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	watching playing with my cat. i'm around and, and it still has me super spooked.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still still up the dog.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i thought my new was was into my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
6	25	angry	anticipating	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it was me to eat. i'm scared to see the other dog
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i was shocked.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the new the the the have a coming up. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	love to work. i have a day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am very happy to have the new... i need to get for for.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i they were it would be delivered.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth....
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i love a scary, i my apartment. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i love my mother. i had so much time in for months. i love her so much.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my dog had a cat being a and and it was a, and it still has me super spooked.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my daughter took a sore throat the other day.. i was shocked.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my daughter had a sore throat last night., i still has me super spooked.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was shocked when i was my aunt, my graduation. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
28	25	content	anticipating	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my daughter was a 14 in in the house last night, and it still has me super spooked.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	there was a wild fell in my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i was a a and for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i stillha
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm scared to eat... i'm scared to the to the to..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i used a scary bear that my apartment. i took it and i had no.
28	17	content	surprised	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	it is a rough day i have to get up. now. i love him and i'm gonna have to spend
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	one time i took my mother in my apartment and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
3	17	faithful	surprised	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my mother is a cat to come around the house for 2 weeks. i'm in to touch this year.. i'm scared to touch it haha
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i was shocked to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to touch it haha
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to get the to, and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
1	17	afraid	surprised	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	there was a wild fel fel outside. i took it for months. i took him to the vet to be touch.
28	4	content	terrified	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	it is a rough day i have to get up. now. i'm scared to to to to touch it haha
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	one time i ordered my apartment and it took a week, and it took a., i it's gonna have to.
3	4	faithful	terrified	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband is a cat to have this year. and i'm scared to to to touch the vet to be touch.., touch it's getting late, and they're not touch me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i was shocked to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to touch it haha
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to get the to, and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
1	4	afraid	terrified	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	there was a wild fell last night, and it took me super planted. i took him to the vet to be touch.
28	22	content	caring	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	it is a rough day i have to get up. now. i'm scared to to to to touch this year
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	one time i ordered my apartment and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
3	22	faithful	caring	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my mother is a cat to have to spend around the house for 2 weeks. i'm in to touch this year.. i'm worried to touch it's gonna have to touch this year.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i was shocked to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to touch it haha
7	22	sad	caring	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i used to new's in to get time in for months. i and now i'm in to the first time, and i'm scared to even even how much money i'm gonna have to spend
1	22	afraid	caring	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	there was a wild fel fel outside. i took it for months. i took him to the vet to be touch.
28	25	content	anticipating	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	it is a rough day i have to get up. now. i'm scared to to to to touch it haha
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	one time i ordered my apartment and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband is a cat to have this year. and i'm scared to to the vet to to touch, and i'him.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i was shocked to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to touch it haha
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
1	25	afraid	anticipating	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	there was a wild fell last night, and it took me super planted. i took him to the vet to be touch.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my daughter is a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last night i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was shocked today when my aunt made my graduation. i had no longer support, it made me very happy.
6	17	angry	surprised	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no idea when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
28	17	content	surprised	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i love a new.. i have to get up in for months. i think they're gonna come back.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i found 6 puppies on my shoe, i took it, i had no, they're gonna me.
10	17	prepared	surprised	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	there is a rough day i had so much around my apartment and and it still has me super spooked.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter is a cat this weekend. and i'm in to the vet to get away.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am a little scared. now. i to get in for the first time, and i'm scared to
20	17	furious	surprised	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with my, i had no.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my daughter is a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	there was a wild fell and took it took into the streets. i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was shocked today when my aunt made my graduation. i had no longer support, it made me very happy.
6	4	angry	terrified	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
28	4	content	terrified	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i love a mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to to to touch it haha
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i saw someone was into into my apartment last night, they they're still up.
10	4	prepared	terrified	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	there is a man i had so much time, and it still has me i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter had a sore throat this night. i was shocked, and they're doing me..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am scared of being around. i i to get in for the first time.. i i'm scared to
20	4	furious	terrified	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	there was a wild fell and took it outside for months. i took it and i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it
26	22	anxious	caring	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my daughter is a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last night i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was shocked today. my apartment. i had so much family support, it made me super happy.
6	22	angry	caring	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no idea when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it ha ha
28	22	content	caring	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i love a new.. i need to get to for for. i have to for the first time..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i found someone was into into my apartment. they were supposed to, they had no.
10	22	prepared	caring	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	there is a man i had so much time, and it still has me i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter had a sore throat this year. i took him to the vet to be touch..
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am a little scared. i my.. i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to
20	22	furious	caring	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	there was a wild fell and took it outside for months. i took it and i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my daughter is a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state for 2 weeks.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i love a new.. i need to get to for for.. i need to to to.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i planted my apartment and and took the of into the phone, i... i'm scared to see the
10	25	prepared	anticipating	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	there is a man i supposed to be running around for time. i took him to the vet to be touch.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter is a cat this weekend. and i'm in to the vet to get away.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am a little scared. now. i to get into my apartment and i. now i'm scared to
20	25	furious	anticipating	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with my, i had no.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	17	furious	surprised	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's supposed to see this weekend. i'm scared to get to.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a a a day and it has been me super spooked. i love him.
7	17	sad	surprised	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i was shocked when i'm in to the to for.. i i'm scared to even even touch it haha
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the first day i took a 14 coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
2	17	proud	surprised	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i was shocked with my children's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to touch it haha
19	17	confident	surprised	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i used to eat every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to even even how much money
19	17	confident	surprised	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was waiting my first for my. i had to the first time and and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was supposed to to my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
28	17	content	surprised	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	4	furious	terrified	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	there's this weekend. i to get drunk with my apartment. i think they're gonna come back.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a a a day and and it has been me super spooked. i love him.
7	4	sad	terrified	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i was shocked when i'm in to the to the vet to get.. i i'm scared to
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the first day i took a 14 coming up. so looking forward to unplplging for 2 weeks.
2	4	proud	terrified	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i was shocked with my children's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to touch it haha
19	4	confident	terrified	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i used to eat every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to even even touch it haha
19	4	confident	terrified	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was waiting my first for my. i had to to of time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was supposed to to my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
28	4	content	terrified	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	22	furious	caring	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	there's this weekend. i get to to the vet to be need.. now i'm scared to support him
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a a a day and and it has been me super spooked. i love him.
7	22	sad	caring	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i was shocked when i'm in to the vet to get.. i i'm scared to even even touch it haha
27	22	hopeful	caring	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the first day i took a 14 coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
2	22	proud	caring	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i was shocked with my children's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to touch it haha
19	22	confident	caring	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i used to eat every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to the haha
19	22	confident	caring	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was a little on my driving. i took it in to the first time, i'm..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was supposed to to my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
28	22	content	caring	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	25	furious	anticipating	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's supposed to see this weekend. i'm scared to get to.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a a a day and and it has been me super spooked. i love him.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i was shocked when i'm in to the to for.. i i'm scared to even even touch it haha
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the first day i have a 14 coming up. so looking forward to unplplging for 2 weeks.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i was so much to to the the to time... i'm scared to the to the vet to behaed.
19	25	confident	anticipating	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i used to eat every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to even even touch it haha
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was waiting my first for my. i had to to of time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i was supposed to to to see the new for the first time.. i i'm scared to to to touch it haha
28	25	content	anticipating	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i've lived everywhere.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when i saw my dog for the first time
12	17	excited	surprised	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she had lived out of state
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i love to mcdonalds every day.. i would get drunk in college....
14	17	lonely	surprised	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter is being sore throat this night.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was shocked was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i was shocked with a puppies, my.. i they they'they're gonna come up.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i thought a new garden. i was excited to the the of the
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
29	17	impressed	surprised	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my dog just a cat and and and and the other dog away.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.....
2	17	proud	surprised	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my dog had this cat being running and scared the other day away.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was shocked when i saw my dog. my apartment was
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i was shocked with my aunt. my graduation. she lived out of state
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my mother's cat.. she has me very excited for support.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when i saw my dog for the first time
12	4	excited	terrified	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was shocked when i saw my aunt. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i love mcdonalds. for the first time i. i. i. i.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter is being sore throat this night.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was shocked was a into my apartment last night. and they still still me super spooked.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i was shocked with a puppies, my.. i they they'they're gonna come up.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i thought a scary movie, my garden. they still still me super spooked.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
29	4	impressed	terrified	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my dog had a cat being and and and the other day away.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.....
2	4	proud	terrified	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my dog had this cat being running and scared the other day away.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was shocked when i saw someone had into my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i was shocked with my aunt for my.. she lived out of state
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my mother is a cat. and it has been me a gift for 2 weeks.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when i saw my dog for the first time
12	22	excited	caring	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was shocked when i found my aunt that i had been.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i love mcdonalds. for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
14	22	lonely	caring	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
12	22	excited	caring	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter is being sore throat this night.
29	22	impressed	caring	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was a scary game on my garden. i still up the the
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i was shocked with a puppies, my.. i they they'they're gonna come up.
23	22	trusting	caring	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i thought a new garden. i was excited to the the of the
15	22	ashamed	caring	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i called my mother's birthday this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift.
29	22	impressed	caring	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my dog just a cat and and and and the other dog away.
16	22	guilty	caring	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.....
2	22	proud	caring	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my dog had this cat being running and scared the other day away.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was shocked when i saw my dog into my apartment last night
5	22	joyful	caring	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i was shocked with my aunt. my graduation. she lived out of state
27	22	hopeful	caring	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my mother is a cat. 14 months. she still has me super happy.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was shocked when i saw my dog for the first time i had
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i love a.. my aunt that my children were still up.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was shocked when i was my. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i love to mcdonalds every day.. i would get drunk in college....
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my daughter is being sore throat this night.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was shocked was a to to the the the first time...
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i was shocked with a puppies, my.. i they they'they're gonna come up.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i thought a new garden. i was excited to the the the of the
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i called my mother's birthday this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i still shocked that dog.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.....
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i was shocked.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was shocked when i saw my dog into my apartment last night
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i was shocked with my aunt. my graduation. she lived out of state
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my mother is a cat. a cat. it has me so happy.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i was shocked to see my aunt's.. i took him to the vet to to, to the vet to behaed..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was supposed to to see my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i found my puppies on my shoe that i took my for for months. i had him, i had no, they're gonna have me..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i took it and and i the the to to, and i'm..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i thought a new movie last night, and it still has me super spooked. i of him. i had no.
12	17	excited	surprised	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my dog saw this cat being running and scared that i had him. i took it and it took it, to get delivered.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend had a cat this weekend. so scared to get up my apartment. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i was shocked to see my my apartment last night, when i lived in. i'm scared to of the him.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was supposed to to my apartment this night to come for the first time, and i'm scared to even even it would be delivered.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i saw my boyfriend for 14 for work. my dog that they would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the vet to be touch, i'm scared to even even touch it haha
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the the plant plant and and it took a to to to the to the vet to be delivered.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i thought my new was running outside my apartment. i took it in to the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
12	4	excited	terrified	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my dog saw this cat being eat and scared that was supposed to, and i's getting drunk. i.. i'm scared to touch it haha
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend had a cat this weekend. so scared to get up in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i was shocked to my boss. i took my for for the first time, and they said they're gonna come back.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was supposed to to my apartment this night to come for the first time, and i'm scared to even even it would be delivered.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i found my puppies on my shoe that i took my for for months. i had him, i had no, they're gonna have me..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i planted a new garden and was so excited in the of the the plant around and and i the the first to, to get delivered.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was a little dog when my aunt that i took him for the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
12	22	excited	caring	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my dog saw this cat being a and and scared the other day dog. it's getting late, but i'm worried it's gonna have to spend this year.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend had a cat this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift, and i'm worried it's getting late, but they're not me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i was very shocked when my aunt took my graduation. she lived out of state for 2 weeks. i'm worried about how much money i'm gonna have to spend
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was supposed to to see my apartment this time in for months. i took him to the vet to be uneded. instead of scared to.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i saw my boyfriend for 14 for work. my dog that they would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the vet to be touch, i'm worried they're gonna be me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the the plant plant and and it still has me super spooked.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i love my apartment. i was running around my house for the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
12	25	excited	anticipating	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my dog saw this cat being eat and scared the other day dog. it's supposed to, i'm scared to even touch it haha
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend had a huge throat this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift, i love him.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i love my mother. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the vet to behaed.
28	17	content	surprised	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i was looking forward to work for my. my children were still up watching cartoons, i've lived everywhere.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i miss my apartment. i was so much to to the the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to to to touch it haha
24	17	disgusted	surprised	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a wild wild in in my room this night, i'm around my apartment. i love him, i'm worried.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i saw a bear the other day and it was still me super spooked. i was shocked.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i was supposed to have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
1	17	afraid	surprised	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	there is a wild in in my room last night, when i took it with a, i the him.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my daughter is a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i thought my new's birthday this weekend. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to to to touch it haha
28	4	content	terrified	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i was supposed to eat my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i miss my apartment. i was so much to to the the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to to to touch it haha
24	4	disgusted	terrified	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a wild wild in in my room this night, i still up the street., i'm everywhere.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it, i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i was a rough with my apartment. i had no idea when they would get drunk in college... i'm worried i'm gonna have to spend
1	4	afraid	terrified	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	there is a wild in in my room last night, when i took it with a, i the him. i took him.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my daughter is a 14 coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i thought my new's birthday this weekend. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to to to touch it haha
28	22	content	caring	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm getting late for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i've lived everywhere.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i thought a bear last night, and it still has me super spooked.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i thought my ex's birthday this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift, i love her. much.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to to to touch it haha
24	22	disgusted	caring	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a wild wild in in my room this night, i'm around my apartment. i love him, i'm worried.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i saw a bear the other night, and it still has me super spooked.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i was a rough with my apartment. i had no idea when they would come in... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
1	22	afraid	caring	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	there is a wild in in my room last night, when i took it with a, i the him. i took him.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my daughter is a 14 coming up. i had to the for the vet to get, and i'm in to touch this year.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i love my mother. i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the vet to be uneded.
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm getting late to work. my children's getting time, and it's getting late, and they're not me.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i thought my ex's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to to to touch it haha
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a wild wild in in my room this night, and i'him. i fed him. i took him.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was shocked when i aunt that my aunt. i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it, i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i was a to have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	there is a wild in in my room last night, when i took it with a, i the him. i took him.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my daughter is a 14 coming up. i to the to the vet to be uneded. for 2 weeks.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i called a new boss that i need to work for the first time, and it's getting late, and they're not me..
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state for months. i think i'm gonna have to spend
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i used a new for that i would get drunk in college... now i'm, and they're gonna be me..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i took it and and it took it in to the vet to be delivered.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just a new new and and i had to the first time in for months. i had no, they're gonna be me.. i'm worried they're gonna be me.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when my dog was running around, the the dog, i had him, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i called my boss that i had to the to the for the first time and and i'm in to to the vet to get, and i'm scared to the vet to be touch.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was out my house last night, and it still has me super spooked. i of him. i had him. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
12	17	excited	surprised	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i used to new boss for work. my dog that i would get drunk in college... now i'm worried the the to, and they're not me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i called a new boss that i need to work for the first time, and it's getting late, and they're not me..
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state for months. i think i'm gonna have to spend
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i used a new for that i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to the to to, to geted.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i took him. i took him. i took him.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just a new new. and i had to the first time in for months. i had no, they're gonna be me.. i'm worried they're gonna be me.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when my dog was running around, the the dog, i had him, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i called my boss that i had to the to the for the first time and and i'm in to to the vet to get, and i'm scared to the vet to be touch.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was out my apartment last night, and it took me to of to the vet to come for. i.. i'm scared to the vet to be delivered.
12	4	excited	terrified	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i used to new boss about when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the the to, and i'm worried they'd not me..
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i called a new boss that i need to work for the first time, and it's getting late, and they're not me..
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state for months. i think i'm gonna have to spend
13	22	annoyed	caring	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i used a new for that i would get drunk in college... i and they're supposed to be the to to, to the vet to behaed..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i took him. i took him. i took him.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just a new new. and i had to the first time in for months. i had no, they're gonna get me.. i'm worried they're gonna be me.
23	22	trusting	caring	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when my dog was a, and it took me to, to the vet to be touch, i the him. i had him, i had him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i saw a bear on my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was out my my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked. i of him. i had him. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
12	22	excited	caring	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i used to new boss about when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the the to, and i'm worried they'd not me..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i called a new boss that i need to work for the first time, and it's getting late, and they're not me..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state for months. i think i'm gonna have to spend
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i used a new that that i would get drunk in college... i and they're supposed to be the to to, to the vet to behaed..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i took him. i took him.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just a new new job and and and i had no idea when it would be delivered. i'm scared to the vet to be touch.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when my dog was a, and it took to to the vet to to, to the vet to be touch., i the him.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i called my boss that i had to the to the for the first time and and i'm in to to the vet to get, and i'm scared to the vet to be touch.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was out my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked. i of him. i had no.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i used to new boss about when i would get the in for the first time, and i'they'd call me back. i keep waiting for the phone to, and i'm worried it's gonna have to..
12	17	excited	surprised	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
27	17	hopeful	surprised	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	some to to eat a film last night,
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog had a cat throat the other night.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i found 6 puppies on my throat.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my dog took this cat being cat and scared.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so much much money. love watching children.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been a and for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was shocked when i saw my aunt. my graduation.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
14	17	lonely	surprised	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i took my apartment last night, i had no.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm getting to to see the new james bond movie.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my cat had a cat into my cat last night
3	17	faithful	surprised	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i love to eat every time i would get drunk in college....
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my mother had a sore throat last night.
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	17	sad	surprised	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the other day i saw someone had into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
27	4	hopeful	terrified	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	some to to eat a i was so scared of the ha
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog had a sore throat last night.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i found my new has my driving.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my dog took this cat being cat and scared.
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so much much money. love my children.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been calling my apartment for night.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was shocked when i saw my aunt i had
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
14	4	lonely	terrified	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i took my apartment last night, i had no.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm getting to to to to the new.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my dog had a cat throat the other day.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i love to eat every time i would get drunk in college....
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my boss called me up this night and and it still has me super spooked.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	4	sad	terrified	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the other day i saw someone had into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
27	22	hopeful	caring	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	some to to eat a i was so excited in the first time
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog had a cat throat the other night.
23	22	trusting	caring	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i found my new has my lawn.
9	22	grateful	caring	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my dog took this cat being cat and scared.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so much much money. love my children.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been calling my apartment for night.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was shocked when i saw my aunt.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
14	22	lonely	caring	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i took my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
26	22	anxious	caring	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm getting to to to to.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my cat had a sore throat last night.
3	22	faithful	caring	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i love to eat every time i would get drunk in college....
13	22	annoyed	caring	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my boss called me up this night and and it still has me super spooked.
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i was excited when my aunt took my graduation.
1	22	afraid	caring	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	22	sad	caring	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the other day i saw someone had into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	some to to eat a film last night,
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i found my new has my driving.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my dog took this cat being cat and scared.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am so much much money. love watching children.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been a to of the to for..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am excited. my aunt made my graduation.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was shocked when i was my. my apartment.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my last day of work.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i took my apartment last night, i had no.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm getting to to to to the new.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my dog had a cat throat the other day
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i love to love to see my new...
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my boss has to work the other day 2..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i was excited to see my new james movie movie.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the other day i saw someone had into my apartment last night
8	17	jealous	surprised	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my boss called me cat just coming up. i had to for months to the vet to be uneded. instead of uneded,
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i thought a bear was a into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
2	17	proud	surprised	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend was supposed to see the the vet for for the first time, and i took him to the vet to to, to get delivered.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my dog was a cat and and and, the other dog, i took it, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was playing a game on my internet and it took a week into the phone, i, and it took it in to the vet to be delivered.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my boss called me cat to come around the house for 2 weeks. i had him, i had him, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i had no. i had no. it would be delivered.
2	4	proud	terrified	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend was supposed to see the the vet for for the first time, and i took him to the vet to to, to get delivered.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my dog was a cat and running around the other day, and it took a, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was driving into my apartment last night, when i took it with a dog, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
8	22	jealous	caring	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my boss called me cat to come around the house for 2 weeks. i had him, i had him, they're not me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i thought a was was into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
2	22	proud	caring	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend was supposed to see the the vet for for the first time, and i took him to the vet to to, to get delivered.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my dog was a cat and and and in the house, i took him. i had to, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	22	guilty	caring	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was driving into my apartment last night, when i took it with a dog, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my boss called me 14 throat and and they had him. i had him, i had him, i had him.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i thought a bear was a into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my friend was supposed to see the the vet for for the first time, and i took him to the vet to to, to get delivered.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my dog was a cat and and and in the house, i took him. i had to, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was driving into my apartment last night, when i took it with a dog, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
29	17	impressed	surprised	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my mother had a sore throat last night.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i love to eat a new. my apartment.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i was shocked when i aunt my my.. she lived out of state
6	17	angry	surprised	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i found my cat was into my apartment last night
8	17	jealous	surprised	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	17	impressed	surprised	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	saw a guy eat the street.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my dog had this cat being and and scared the other dog away.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i love a scary game. i still still me super spooked.
2	17	proud	surprised	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i planted 6 and for my of my children were still up watching cartoons!
12	17	excited	surprised	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my mother made a cat on my cat.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it was me so much. i still made me super spooked.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my mother had a sore throat last night.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college....
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i was shocked when i aunt my my.. she lived out of state
6	4	angry	terrified	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	4	impressed	terrified	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	saw a guy eat the street.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my dog had this cat being and and scared the other dog away.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i love mcdonald's. i would get drunk in college....
2	4	proud	terrified	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
12	4	excited	terrified	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my mother made a cat on my cat.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it was me so much when i fed my..
29	22	impressed	caring	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my mother had a sore throat last night.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i love to eat a new. my apartment.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i was shocked when i aunt my my.. she lived out of state
6	22	angry	caring	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i found my cat into my apartment last night
8	22	jealous	caring	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	22	impressed	caring	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	saw a guy eat 2 months ago i broke my
5	22	joyful	caring	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
31	22	devastated	caring	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my dog had this cat being and and scared the other dog away.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i love a scary. i was still out of the
2	22	proud	caring	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i planted 6 and for my of my children were still up watching cartoons.
12	22	excited	caring	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my mother made a cat on my cat.
21	22	disappointed	caring	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it was me so i. i'm scared to
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my mother had a sore throat last night.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college....
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so happy that my children's getting
6	25	angry	anticipating	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	25	impressed	anticipating	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	saw a guy eat the street.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my dog had this cat being and and scared the other dog away.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i love a very much. i love the new.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i planted 6 and for 2 of my children were still up watching cartoons.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my mother made a cat on my cat.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it was me so much when i love my..
28	17	content	surprised	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
2	17	proud	surprised	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i saw someone was into into my apartment last night
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to see it
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
14	17	lonely	surprised	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	love a a film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found 6 puppies on my garden. i was shocked.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so much.. i'm scared to see the
31	17	devastated	surprised	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i found a puppies on my garden. i still still me super spooked.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's supposed to be to eat.....
28	4	content	terrified	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
2	4	proud	terrified	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i saw someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to see it
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
14	4	lonely	terrified	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	a few months ago i broke my growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a bear into my apartment last night, it still has me super spooked.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so much.. i'm scared to see the new.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	4	prepared	terrified	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's supposed to be to eat.....
28	22	content	caring	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
2	22	proud	caring	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i saw someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	22	embarrassed	caring	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to see it
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
14	22	lonely	caring	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	love a a film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was shocked when i saw my apartment. i had no idea when i had it
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a bear into my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so much.. i'm scared to see the new.
31	22	devastated	caring	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	22	prepared	caring	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it is a rough day i'm scared to surprise surprise me
28	25	content	anticipating	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth.
2	25	proud	anticipating	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i saw someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to see it
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
14	25	lonely	anticipating	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	love a a film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a bear and was my of my apartment last night
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so much.. i'm scared to see the new.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it is a rough day i'm scared to surprise surprise me
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	there was a wild wild inl outside and took the dog around for months. i took him to the vet to to to, to the vet to be delivered.
2	17	proud	surprised	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons! i've been everywhere, i had no.
28	17	content	surprised	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	there is a wild wild in in my cat, i took him to the vet to to, to the vet to be uneded. instead of uneded, i him, i keep him.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i love a rough day with my relatives, they're around my for for months. i love him and i'm gonna have to spend this year..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	there was a wild wildl outside for months and and it took me super planted. i took him to the vet to to to, to the vet to be touch.
2	4	proud	terrified	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i woke my new. i my my. i had for the first time, and it's getting into, and i'm worried i'm gonna have to spend
28	4	content	terrified	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	there is a wild wild in in my house, i took him to the vet to to, to the vet to be uneded. instead of uned, i, him, i'him.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i love a rough day with my relatives, they're around my for for months. i love him and i'm worried the's gonna have to spend this year..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	there was a huge wild in my room last night, when i took it with a dog, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
2	22	proud	caring	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i woke my ankle. i my my and for work. i had no idea when it would be delivered. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
28	22	content	caring	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	there is a couple months ago i took my and and took to to the to to, to the vet to be uneded. instead of uned, i, him, i'him.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i love a a 14 day 14. i i'm in to of for the first time, and i'm around my house for 2 weeks. i think i'm gonna have to spend this year..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	there was a wild wild inl outside and took the day running around my apartment. i took him to the vet to be touch.. i him. i took him to the vet to be touch.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i love my mother. i had so much time in for the first time, and it's getting into, and i'm worried they're gonna have me..
28	25	content	anticipating	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	there is a couple months ago i took my and and took to to the to to, to the vet to be uneded. instead of uned, i, him, i'him.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i love a rough day with my relatives, they're around my for for 2 weeks. i think they're gonna come back.
20	17	furious	surprised	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
29	17	impressed	surprised	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	a few months ago i broke my neo, i had so much family, it made me very happy.
12	17	excited	surprised	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i love to work for a day. my day. i had so much family support, it made me super happy.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my daughter had a sore throat last night. and it still has me super spooked.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
29	17	impressed	surprised	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	waiting to see my new for the day day.. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
2	17	proud	surprised	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my mother had a cat a a and and and it has been a, and i'm scared to see this year.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i saw a bear the other night, and it still has me super spooked.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my dog saw this cat being running and and the other day away. i was shocked.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i saw my bear the other night while driving. i was shocked.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	the first day i took my driving. i had so much time and and it took a to to.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i thought my mother's birthday this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift, i love her. much.
2	17	proud	surprised	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i was shocked. my aunt that my children were still up watching cartoons, i've lived in.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i've been to to see the new get for... now i'm scared to
28	17	content	surprised	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i was shocked with my aunt. my children were still up watching cartoons, i love him.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to touch it haha
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog saw this cat being running and and scared the other dog away. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i planted my garden and was so excited in the of the growth. i. i and i'm scared to the the
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i was shocked with a puppies, my cat. i, i'm, and they're gonna have me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i've lived everywhere.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to to vet to get..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
20	4	furious	terrified	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
29	4	impressed	terrified	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	a man was a wild in my apartment last night, i i it, i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
12	4	excited	terrified	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i used to eat a a time for work. i had so much family for, they're gonna be me.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my daughter had a sore throat last night. and it still has me super spooked.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i woke a work today and it was supposed to, i had no.. it would be delivered.
29	4	impressed	terrified	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	waiting to the for for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
2	4	proud	terrified	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my mother had a cat a a night and and it still has me a gift, i love him.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i'm everywhere.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i saw a bear the other night, and it still has me super spooked.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my dog saw this cat being running and and the other day away. i was shocked.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i saw my bear the other night while driving. i was shocked.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	the first day i took a few weeks i took my ankle to the vet to be touch..
26	4	anxious	terrified	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i thought my mother's birthday this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift, i love her. much.
2	4	proud	terrified	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state for 2 weeks.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i've been to to the to time.. and i'm scared to get.
28	4	content	terrified	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i was shocked with my aunt. my children were still up watching cartoons, i love him.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to touch it haha
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog saw this cat being running and and scared the other dog away. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i watched a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i was shocked with a puppies, my cat. i, i'm, and they're gonna have me
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i'm everywhere.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to to touch.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
20	22	furious	caring	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
29	22	impressed	caring	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	a few months ago i broke my neo, i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
12	22	excited	caring	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i love to work for a day. my day. i had so much family support, it made me super happy.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
24	22	disgusted	caring	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my daughter had a sore throat last night. and it still has me super spooked.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i woke a new today and it was supposed to, and they still still me super spooked.
29	22	impressed	caring	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	waiting to see my new for the day day.. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
2	22	proud	caring	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my mother had a cat a a 14 months ago and it still has me super spooked.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i'm everywhere.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i saw a bear the other night, and it still has me super spooked.
9	22	grateful	caring	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my dog saw this cat being running and and the other day away. i was shocked.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i saw my bear the other night while driving. i was shocked.
26	22	anxious	caring	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	the first day i took my driving. i had so much time and and it took a to to.
26	22	anxious	caring	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i thought my mother's birthday this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift, i love her. much.
2	22	proud	caring	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i was shocked. my aunt that my children were still up i lived in for months. i love her so much, and i'm gonna have to spend
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i've been to to the to time, and it's getting me.
28	22	content	caring	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i was shocked with my aunt. my children were still up watching cartoons, i love him.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to touch it haha
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog saw this cat being running and and scared the other dog away. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i planted my garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i had no.
10	22	prepared	caring	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
9	22	grateful	caring	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i was shocked with a puppies. my children. i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to
27	22	hopeful	caring	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i'm everywhere.
29	22	impressed	caring	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to to touch.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	a man was a wild in my apartment last night, i i it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i love to work for a day. work. i need to get to. and i'm gonna have to spend
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my daughter had a sore throat last night. and it still has me super spooked.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i made a new that i was supposed to work for the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	waiting to see my new for the day day.. i to get forward to the vet to be uneded.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my mother had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i love a a birthday. i was so of looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i saw a bear the other night, and it still has me super spooked.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to be touch.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i saw a bear the other night while driving. i was shocked.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	the first day i took a few weeks i had so much time, it took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i thought my mother's birthday this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift, they're not me.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i was shocked. my aunt that my children were still up. i had no idea when i would get delivered.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i've been to to to the to time... now i'm gonna have to spend
28	25	content	anticipating	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i was shocked with my aunt. my children were still up watching cartoons, i love him.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to touch it haha
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog had a cat throat the other day, and it still has me super spooked.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i planted my garden and was so excited in the of the growth. i. i and i'm scared to the the
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am a rough with for work. my children were still up watching cartoons and i love it,
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i woke a early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i'm everywhere.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to to touch.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i planted some garden and was so excited in the of the growth. i. i.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm worried to touch it's gonna have to..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a dog, i i him. i took him. i took him. i had him.
31	17	devastated	surprised	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a wild fel fel outside and took it in for months. i took him to the vet to to to, to the vet to be delivered.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i saw a bear the other day and it was supposed to, the the dog, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
7	17	sad	surprised	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth. i took it and i'm gonna have to spend.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was a a game, the other day, that it would be delivered. i had so much time, and it's gonna have me, and i'm worried it's gonna have to spend.
7	17	sad	surprised	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my cat is coming up and i had been unplplging for months. i took him to the vet to be touch..., i'm worried they'd have to..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm worried about the the to to, and i'm worried.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
31	4	devastated	terrified	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a wild fel fel outside and took it in for months. i took him to the vet to to to, to the vet to be delivered.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i saw a bear the other day and it was supposed to, the the dog, i and it's getting drunk, and i'm scared to the vet to be touch.
7	4	sad	terrified	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i planted a mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to to to touch it haha
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was a a game, the other day, that it would be delivered. i had so much time, and it's gonna have me, and i'm worried it's gonna have to spend.
7	4	sad	terrified	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my cat is coming up and i had this time in for months. i have to touch this year.. i'm scared to touch this year.
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm worried about the the to to, and i'm worried.
13	22	annoyed	caring	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
31	22	devastated	caring	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a wild fel fel outside and took it outside for months. i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i saw a bear the other day and it was supposed to, the the dog, i had no. i had no, they'd get me.. i'm scared to even even touch it haha
7	22	sad	caring	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i planted a mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to to touch it haha
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was a a game, the other day, that it would be delivered. i had no, i had no, i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
7	22	sad	caring	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my cat is coming up and i had been seeing this cat for the while. for months. i think i'm touch it touch it haha
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm worried to touch it's gonna have to..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a wild fell outside and took it outside for months. i took him to the vet to to to, to the vet to be delivered.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i saw a bear the other day and it was supposed to, the the dog, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
7	25	sad	anticipating	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i planted a mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to to to touch it haha
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was a a game, the street, it was me super scared, i had no, i'd around my, and i'm scared to the haha
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my mother in law has a 14 day for months and i him and took a to the vet to get touch.. i touch him. i touch it, and i'm worried.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i felt all alone yesterday	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	17	guilty	surprised	i fell bad about myself	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	i felt all alone yesterday	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	4	guilty	terrified	i fell bad about myself	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	i felt all alone yesterday	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	22	guilty	caring	i fell bad about myself	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i felt all alone yesterday	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i fell bad about myself	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	17	trusting	surprised	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my daughter was supposed to come to the vet for time. time. i took him to the vet to be touch.
7	17	sad	surprised	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my mother in law has a 14 day and and and i'him in to the vet to get, and i'm scared to touch it haha
21	17	disappointed	surprised	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the is is a wild outside in my room this weekend. i think they're getting drunk in... i i'm scared to touch it haha
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was a scary today for my apartment. i took it in to the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was a rough day and it was so. i had no. i would get in in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
15	17	ashamed	surprised	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	was playing a game in my apartment, i took it in to the vet to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i love a new on my apartment. i had so much time and and it took it in to to..
26	17	anxious	surprised	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets, and, and it's gonna have to.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they hung up.. i i'm scared to the
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just a a new for work. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i found my new that i had my dog for the first time, and i'm scared to see the dog for.
23	4	trusting	terrified	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my daughter was supposed to come to the vet to the vet for 2 weeks. i took him to the vet to be touch.
7	4	sad	terrified	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend is a cat in the cat and and, and i'him in to the vet to get, and i'm scared to touch it haha
21	4	disappointed	terrified	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the internet is a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was a scary today for my apartment. i took it in to the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was a rough day and it was so to of the to the to, i... i now i'm gonna have to spend
15	4	ashamed	terrified	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	there was a wild fell in that took me for months. i took him to the vet to to, to get delivered.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i took it and now it's gonna have to.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my daughter is a a day and and this weekend, i had him, i the him, i took him. i took him.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they hung up.. i i'm scared to the
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just a a new house last night, and it still has me super spooked.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i found my new that i had to to the vet to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
23	22	trusting	caring	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my daughter was supposed to come to the vet to the vet for 2 weeks. i took him to the vet to be touch.
7	22	sad	caring	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend had a cat throat this weekend, and it took me super scared. i had him, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
21	22	disappointed	caring	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the is is a have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was a scary today for my apartment. i had no of my babies, i had no.
9	22	grateful	caring	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was a a ring that my aunt that i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the him and i'm gonna have to spend
15	22	ashamed	caring	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	there was a wild fell in that took me for months. i took him to the vet to to, to get delivered.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i called a new on my apartment. i took it in to the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
26	22	anxious	caring	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets, and, and it's gonna have to.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they hung up.. i i'm scared to the
14	22	lonely	caring	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just a a new house last night, and it still has me super spooked.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i found my new that i had to to the vet to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my daughter was supposed to come to the vet to the vet for 2 weeks. i took him.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend is a cat in to the the the house for 2 weeks. i took him to the vet to to, to get him.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the is is a have a 14 day coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was a scary today for my apartment. i had no of the first, i. i had no.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was a a i my my. i had so much time and and it has been me i would get drunk in college.... i'm worried about how much money i'm gonna have to spend
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it was supposed to, i had no.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i used a new boss for work. my children were still up the first time i, and i'm scared to the ha again.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street, i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the streets, and, and it's gonna have to.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they hung up.. i i'm scared to the
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just a a new for work. i had so much family for, and it has me super spooked.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i found my new that i had to to the vet to get into college.. i i'm scared to get it
14	17	lonely	surprised	i wish i had my mother back!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	17	disappointed	surprised	came home to find my leftovers gone	seeing someone was into into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to see taylor swift.	i was shocked to see my new james movie movie.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i used to play football in high school	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college....
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was lebron james.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	17	angry	surprised	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	17	proud	surprised	my son just started walking this week.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i called up early today for my. my children were still up watching cartoons!
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my aunt made my cat. she lived out of state
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like person who are honestly with me	i love it was so late to work.
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat vomited on my rug today	my cat had my cat this other night
12	17	excited	surprised	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	looking through my old yearbook the other day	looking to the dog to the dog away
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am shocked that my children's birthday this weekend.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust president trump all the way.	i love my new. my apartment.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	i wish i had my mother back!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	4	disappointed	terrified	came home to find my leftovers gone	forgot to tip my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to see taylor swift.	i was shocked to see my new james movie movie.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i used to play football in high school	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was lebron james.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	4	proud	terrified	my son just started walking this week.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i called up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my aunt made my cat.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like person who are honestly with me	i love it was to to to see the new james
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat vomited on my rug today	my dog vomited on my cat.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	looking through my old yearbook the other day	looking to the dog to the vet to get
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust president trump all the way.	i love someone was breaking into my apartment last night
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	i wish i had my mother back!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	22	disappointed	caring	came home to find my leftovers gone	seeing someone was into into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to see taylor swift.	i was shocked to see my new james movie movie.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i used to play football in high school	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was lebron james.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	22	proud	caring	my son just started walking this week.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
0	22	sentimental	caring	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i called up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
31	22	devastated	caring	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
23	22	trusting	caring	i like person who are honestly with me	i love someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	my cat vomited on my rug today	my cat vomited on my rug last night
12	22	excited	caring	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am excited for the new james movie movie.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	looking through my old yearbook the other day	i was to to see my dog the other night
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am shocked that my aunt made my..
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust president trump all the way.	i love my new. my apartment.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i wish i had my mother back!	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	came home to find my leftovers gone	waiting to see my dog the other day
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to see taylor swift.	i was shocked to see my new james movie movie.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i used to play football in high school	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was lebron james.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	25	angry	anticipating	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son just started walking this week.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	im up seeing for for my children
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my aunt made my graduation.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like person who are honestly with me	i love it would be late every night
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat vomited on my rug today	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am excited for the new james movie movie.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	looking through my old yearbook the other day	looking to the dog to the vet to be dog
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am shocked that my children's
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust president trump all the way.	i love my new. my apartment.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was a little into my apartment. i took it in to the first time, and it still has me super spooked.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my dog saw this cat being and and and scared the other dog away. i don't have health insurance this year.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my aunt was away from my cat. i had him, i had him, i had him.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i thought it was a into my apartment. i had so much time and and it still has me super spooked.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	there is a wild wild in in my apartment, i, and i the the house, i and it's getting to, and i'm gonna have to spend
16	17	guilty	surprised	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i used a scary's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was a a and for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i had no.
28	17	content	surprised	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i was playing with with my. my aunt, they hung up. i had no. i would get drunk in college.... i'm worried about how much.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my daughter was a i had a 14 around the house, i was shocked. i was shocked, i would get drunk in college....
8	17	jealous	surprised	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i see a new on my apartment, it was supposed to, i had no.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have a 14 day coming up. i'm looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they they'they're gonna me.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was driving into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was a little into my apartment. i took the of the to to.. i had no.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my dog saw this cat being and and and scared the other dog away. i don't have health insurance this year.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my aunt was away from my cat. i took him to the vet to be touch..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i thought it was was into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	there is a wild wild in in my apartment, i the the house, i and it took a to to, i'm scared to touch it haha
16	4	guilty	terrified	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to scared to touch it haha
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was a a and was running around my apartment. i took it and took it in to the vet to be delivered.
28	4	content	terrified	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i was playing with with my. my cat, i took him. i had no.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my daughter was a i had a dog for the and and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
8	4	jealous	terrified	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i see a bear on the street and it took a week, i it would be delivered.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have a 14 day coming up. i'm looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i took it in to the phone to get delivered.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was driving into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was a little into my apartment. i took it in to the the to the vet to behaed.
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my dog saw this cat being and and and scared the other dog away. i don't have health insurance this year.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my aunt took her cat this year. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
24	22	disgusted	caring	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	there is a wild wild in in my apartment, i the the, i and i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	22	guilty	caring	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i used a scary's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was a a and was running around my apartment. i took it and took it in to the vet to be delivered.
28	22	content	caring	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i was playing with with my. my cat, i took him. i had no.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my aunt and i was drunk in the house, i was shocked. i was shocked, i would get drunk in college....
8	22	jealous	caring	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i see a new on my apartment, i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have a 14 day coming up. i'm looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're gonna me.
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was driving into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was a little into my apartment. i took the of the to to... i they said they're gonna be delivered.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my dog saw this cat being and and and scared the other dog away. i don't have health insurance this year.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my aunt was 14 cat being 14 around and for the first time, i'm..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i thought it was a into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	there is a wild wild in in my apartment, i the the, i and i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to scared to touch it haha
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was a a and was running around my apartment. i took it and it took it, i had no.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i was looking forward to 14 for 2 weeks. i would get drunk in college..... i'm worried about how much
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my daughter was a i had a drunk in the time, i was shocked. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even touch it haha
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i see a new on the street and it was supposed to, i had no. i would get drunk in college....
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have a 14 day coming up. i'm looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they they'they're gonna me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was driving into my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i used to new boss that i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the the to to, and i'm scared to even even it haha
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i used to new boss that i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the the to to, and i'm scared to even even it haha
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i used to new boss that i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the the to to, and i'm scared to even even it haha
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i used to new boss that i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the the to to, and i'm scared to even even it haha
10	17	prepared	surprised	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i had a 14 time this weekend, and it's getting to, and i'm scared to the vet to be touch,..., i'm worried they're gonna have to spend this year.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i had a 14 time this weekend, and it's getting to, and i'm scared to the vet to be touch.., i'm worried it's gonna have to spend this year.
10	22	prepared	caring	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i had a 14 time this weekend, and it's getting to, and i'm scared to the vet to be touch, but i'm worried.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i had a 14 in this weekend, and it's getting to, and i'm scared to the vet to be touch, but i'm worried.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i i him. i took him. i took him. i had him.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband and i had a cat this weekend, and it's getting to, and i'm scared to get him in. i'm scared to touch it haha
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i was shocked to have to see the the to to for for the first time, and it's getting drunk, and i'm worried it's gonna have to spend
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a i, i i him. i took him. i took him. i took him.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband and i had a 14 around the house, and it's getting to, and i'm scared to the vet to be touch., i'm worried they're gonna be me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i was shocked to have the house to come around the house for.. now i'm scared to the vet to behaed..
21	22	disappointed	caring	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a dog, i i him. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband and i had a cat this weekend, and it's getting to, and i'm scared to get him in. i'm scared to touch it haha
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i was shocked to eat my every day i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the to to, to get..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	there was a huge spider in my room last night, when i took it with a dog, i i him. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband and i had a 14 around the house, and it's getting to, and i'm scared to the vet to be touch., i'm worried they're gonna be me.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i was supposed to eat my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked. i of him, i'm.
6	17	angry	surprised	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	there is a wild fel outside and took the dog into the street.. i took him to the vet to be touch.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my friend had a huge throat last night, and it took me a i had no idea when it would be delivered.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i saw a bear on the phone and and it took the to to to, to the vet to be delivered.
28	17	content	surprised	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	one time i took a game on my internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons! i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	17	furious	surprised	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	there was a wild fell in my shoe that took it for months. i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i thought a was when when i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the the to to, and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
14	17	lonely	surprised	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the the plant growth. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons! i had no idea when it would be delivered.
6	4	angry	terrified	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	there is a wild fel outside and took the dog into my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my friend had a huge throat last night, and it took me to, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i saw a bear on the street and and it took a week into the first, i. i took him. i took him.
28	4	content	terrified	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, i had no.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons! i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	4	furious	terrified	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	there was a wild fell in my shoe that took it for months. i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, when i lived in, they're not me.. i'm scared to even even touch it haha
14	4	lonely	terrified	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	there is a wild wild in in my apartment, i took it in to the vet to get, and i had no.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons! i had no idea when it would be delivered.
6	22	angry	caring	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	there is a wild fel outside and took the dog into my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
31	22	devastated	caring	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my friend had a huge time and and and it took a week in to the vet to get, and i'm scared to touch it haha
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i saw a bear on the phone and and it took a week into the phone, i, and i'm..
28	22	content	caring	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	one time i took a game on my internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	22	guilty	caring	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons! i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	22	furious	caring	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	there was a wild fel fel broke and took it took the to to to to, to the vet to be delivered.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they'they're not me. i'm scared to even even touch it haha
14	22	lonely	caring	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i planted a garden and was so scared of the the plant plant, and it still has me super spooked.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons! i had no idea when it would be delivered.
6	25	angry	anticipating	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	one time a couple of my apartment and took the of plant plant and and it took it in to to.. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my friend had a huge time i had a while and in the the house, i and it's getting to, i'm scared to even touch it haha
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i called my boss to the the to to the to the first time and and i took the to to to to, to the vet to be delivered.
28	25	content	anticipating	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week longer that it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons! i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	25	furious	anticipating	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	one time in my apartment last night, and i took it in to the vet to get delivered. i took it and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i thought a little when i was running around my apartment, the the dog, i and it's getting drunk, and i'm scared to even even it haha
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i called a new, and i the my, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm worried they're gonna be me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons! i had no idea when it would be delivered.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently a new job that i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the the to, and i'm worried the's gonna have to spend this year..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i called my new boss that i would get in in the first time and and i'd get into the first time, and i'm, and i'm worried the's gonna have to support.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i called my new boss that i would get in in the first time and and i'the first to, and i'm, and i'm worried the other dog, i'm worried.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i called my new boss that i would get in in the first time and and now i'd get into the first time, and i'm worried the's getting late, but they're not me.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons, i took him, i had no.
8	17	jealous	surprised	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	love a parent i i my relatives, i around my house for months. i took him to the vet to to, to the vet to be touch.
9	17	grateful	surprised	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my best friend took my cat to the vet to to for the vet to the vet to be touch, and i'him.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was a rough with my cat, i around my, and i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to get and and'm scared to even even touch it haha
19	4	confident	terrified	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i was releasing my cat that i had my house for the first time, and i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see the dog in the the phone, and, and i'm worried it's gonna have to.
8	4	jealous	terrified	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, and it had been me, i had no, they're gonna be delivered.
9	4	grateful	terrified	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my best friend took my cat to the vet to to for the vet to the vet to be touch.. i touch him.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was a rough with my apartment. i took it in to the for the first time, and it's getting drunk, and i'm worried it's gonna have to..
16	4	guilty	terrified	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to get something for.. i'm scared to even touch it haha
19	22	confident	caring	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i woke up early today for work. my children were supposed up watching cartoons and and in the of the,, i'm. and i'm scared to the haha
8	22	jealous	caring	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, and it had been me, i had no, they're gonna be delivered.
9	22	grateful	caring	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my best friend took my cat to the vet to be unplugging for 2 weeks. i took him.
2	22	proud	caring	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was a rough with my apartment, i took it in to the for the first time, and it's getting drunk, and i'm worried it's gonna have to..
16	22	guilty	caring	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to get something for.. i'm scared to even touch it haha
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i was a rough day for my. i had so much time and and and and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, and it had been me, i had no, they're gonna be delivered.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my best friend took a cat to the vet to to to for the vet to the vet to to vet to to vet to touch.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was a rough day my my, i around my house for months. i had no, i and i'm of the him, i'him.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to get something for.. i'm scared to even even touch it haha
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i was a to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to touch it haha
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i was a to eat this every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to to to touch it haha
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i was a rough day with my.. i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the to to, and i'm gonna have to spend
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i used a really good time that i'm in to for for the first time, and i'm scared to the vet to behaed..
12	17	excited	surprised	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i planted my house and and and i took the to the first time, and they're gonna get me.. i'm scared to even even touch it haha
12	4	excited	terrified	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i called my boss that i would get drunk in college.. and i'm in to the the to to, and i'm, and they're're getting me, and they're're gonna be me.
12	22	excited	caring	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i called my boss that i would get drunk in college... i and they're supposed to, and i'm scared to the the to to, to get.., i'm worried they're gonna be me.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i called my boss that i would get drunk in college.. and i'm in to the the to to, and, they're'd be up.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to the to to touch it's getting late, but they're not me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to the to to touch it haha
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to the to to touch it haha
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to the to to touch it's getting late, and they're not me.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i found 6 puppies on my shoe.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my daughter had a sore throat.
10	17	prepared	surprised	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	getting drunk to love.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son took his first steps.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i looked through an old photo album	i found 6 puppies on my shoe.
14	17	lonely	surprised	me and my girlfriend broke up.	i broke my mother's birthday this weekend.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss my times in college.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	17	joyful	surprised	i got a scholarship for college.	i love a new. my apartment.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i saw a bear the other night.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my daughter had a sore throat.
10	4	prepared	terrified	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	waiting to eat every night.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son took his first steps.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i looked through an old photo album	i found someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	4	lonely	terrified	me and my girlfriend broke up.	no one broke up my apartment.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss my times in college.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	4	joyful	terrified	i got a scholarship for college.	i love a new on my apartment.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i found 6 puppies on my shoe.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my daughter had a sore throat.
10	22	prepared	caring	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	waiting to eat every night
2	22	proud	caring	my son took his first steps.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i looked through an old photo album	i found someone was breaking into my apartment last night
14	22	lonely	caring	me and my girlfriend broke up.	someone was broke into my apartment last night
20	22	furious	caring	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss my times in college.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	22	joyful	caring	i got a scholarship for college.	i made a new birthday my apartment.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i saw a bear the other night.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my daughter had a sore throat.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	waiting to eat every night
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son took his first steps.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i looked through an old photo album	i found 6 puppies on my shoe.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	me and my girlfriend broke up.	no one was into my apartment.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss my times in college.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i got a scholarship for college.	i love a new on my apartment.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i took my new new when i had to to time, and it's getting into, and i'm scared to even even it would be delivered.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it had supposed to, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i called my new house i had to i had to the first time and and it's getting drunk, and i'm worried it would be delivered.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it had supposed to, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i took my new new phone when i had to, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it had supposed to, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i called my new house i had to i had to the first time and and it's getting drunk, and i'm worried it would be delivered.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it had supposed to, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	someone was supposed to to see the the to the vet to come in to the vet to get drunk in college.. i'm scared to the vet to be touch, but they're not touch it haha
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	there was a wild fell outside and took it in to the for the first time, i took him to the vet to be touch.. i him, i'm gonna have to spend
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	there was a wild fell outside and took it in for months. i took him to the vet to to to, to the vet to be away.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	there was a wild fell outside and took it in for months. i took him to the vet to to to, to the vet to be away.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	there was a wild fell outside and took it in to the for the first time, i took him to the vet to be touch.. i him, i'm gonna have to spend
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it was supposed to, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it was supposed to, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it was supposed to, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it was supposed to, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was a a little running around my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked. i of him, i took him.
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i thought a new was was when i would get drunk in college... i and they're supposed to be the first time, and they're not me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i used to new's for work. i had to the first time for months. and they're re calling me.. i'm worried they're gonna have to spend this year..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last night i was a into my apartment, i took it in to the vet to get delivered and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was a a on my street and i took it in to the the to the first time, and i'they said they'd call me back. i keep calling to the phone to, and it's getting late, but they're not me.
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i thought a new was running to the the the to to the first time, and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	there was a huge fe my cat that my cat that took into my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	22	furious	caring	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was a a a and night, and it took me super spooked. i took him to the vet to be touch.
19	22	confident	caring	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i thought a new was that when i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the the to, and i'm scared to even even it haha
13	22	annoyed	caring	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	there was a huge fe my cat that my cat that took into my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was a a a and night, and it still has me super spooked. i took him to the vet to be touch.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i thought a new was going to see the other day, and it was supposed to, to get delivered and i'm scared to the the to to, and i'm scared to even even it haha
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	there was a huge fe to my house last night, and it still has me super spooked. i took him to the vet to be touch.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i love my mother's in to the to the vet to get into college. now i'm scared to the vet to be touch, but they're not me..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it was supposed to, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was a teenager, my cat, i around my house, i had him and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	17	sad	surprised	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have a 14 day coming up. i'm looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks. i love him and i'm worried to.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i love my mother's in to get into my apartment and i'd get drunk in college... i'm scared to the him, i'him.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	there was a wild that i fel around my apartment for night, i took him to the vet to to to, to the vet to be touch.
7	4	sad	terrified	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have a 14 day coming up. i'm looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks. i love him and i'm worried to.
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i love my mother's in my house for the first time i and him. i to the to to, to the vet, even though i'm gonna have to spend.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it took it was supposed to, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	there was a wild that i fel around my apartment for night, i took him to the vet to to to, to the vet to be touch.
7	22	sad	caring	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have a 14 birthday for work. my children were still up watching of around the house, and i'm everywhere.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i love my mother's in to get into the first time, and i'him. i'm scared to the vet to be touch.., i'm worried they're gonna have to spend.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it took a week, it was supposed to, i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was a teenager, my cat that i around my house for months. i had no, i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have a 14 day coming up. i'm looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks. i love him and i'm worried to touch it's gonna have to.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my daughter had a sore throat last night, and it took me to, to get delivered. i'm scared to touch it haha
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my friend called to take a dog to the vet to get drunk in college.. i'm scared to touch him, i'him.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my friend called a huge to to work. time, and i'm scared to the vet to to, to get, and i'm scared to touch it haha
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my friend had a huge throat this weekend, and they said they'd get me a.. i i'm scared to touch it haha
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my cat was running around in the house, and i took him to the vet to to, to the vet to be touch., i touch him.
6	17	angry	surprised	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i saw a puppies on my street and i had no idea when it would be delivered. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my cat was a cat running around and and the other day, and i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the phone, and, and it's gonna have to.
6	4	angry	terrified	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i saw a new on the street and it took a week to the to the to the vet to be delivered. i had no. i would get back.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my cat was a cat running around and and and took the first time i took him to the vet to be touch, i'm worried.
6	22	angry	caring	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i saw a new on the street and it took a week to the to the to the vet to be delivered. i'm, and they're gonna have me..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my cat was a a cat running around and and the other day, and i've been seeing that dog for a while and in a couple of days i see this dog on the phone, and, and it's gonna have to.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i saw a new on the street and it took a week to the to the to the vet to be delivered. i'm, and they're gonna have me..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my dog had to eat sore throat the other day, i took him to the vet to to, to get touch.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my dog had to eat sore throat the other day, i took him to the vet to to, to get touch.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my dog had a sore throat last night, and it took me to, i'd get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my dog had to eat sore throat the other day, i took him to the vet to to, to get touch.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was a kid, i my children, i around my house, the the and, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm worried i'm gonna have to spend
31	4	devastated	terrified	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was a teenager, my children were still around, i lived around, i the him and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
31	22	devastated	caring	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was a kid, i my children, i around my house and i had no idea when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to touch it haha
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was a teenager, my children were still around, i lived around, i the him, i had no.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i was shocked with my aunt, my children. they were still up watching cartoons.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i love to see my apartment. night. i love my.. i love him.
2	17	proud	surprised	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my dog had this cat being running and scared the other day away.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i was a scary today. my children were still up watching cartoons, i still still.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
6	17	angry	surprised	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a scary today for my. my children were still up watching cartoons!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was playing with my garden. i took it in for months.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am a rough with my aunt. i love my and and now i have no idea.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to see the
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
20	17	furious	surprised	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i broke my phone. my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
31	17	devastated	surprised	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	i broke my favorite last night. and it still has me super spooked.
7	17	sad	surprised	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i thought a scary movie last night, and it still has me super spooked.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was shocked. my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt a scary last night, and it still has me super spooked.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i love to new to see the new get the first time...
1	17	afraid	surprised	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last night i ordered a game on the internet and it was a. i was shocked.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i lived out of state
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
31	17	devastated	surprised	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my apartment was a 14 last night, and it still has me super spooked.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am a little with,, my.. they they're not me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i love to get my apartment. i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to
2	4	proud	terrified	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my dog had this cat being running and scared the other day away.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i was a scary today. my apartment. i had no, they were still me super spooked.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
6	4	angry	terrified	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a scary today for my. my children were still up watching cartoons, they were still up watching cartoons.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was playing with my garden. i took it in for months.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am a rough with my aunt, i love... i love her so much and
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to see the
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
20	4	furious	terrified	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i broke my phone today my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
31	4	devastated	terrified	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	i broke my favorite last night. and i still still has me super spooked.
7	4	sad	terrified	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i thought a scary movie last night, and it still has me super spooked.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was shocked to see my aunt coming up... now they're getting me.
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt a scary last night, and it still has me super spooked.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i used to see a new the new for the first time, and they're gonna be me.
1	4	afraid	terrified	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last night i ordered a game on the internet and it was a. i was shocked.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was shocked when i heard my apartment. i was hung up my apartment.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
31	4	devastated	terrified	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my apartment was a night, and it still has me super spooked.
8	22	jealous	caring	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am a little with, that my.. they they're not me.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i love to get my apartment. i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to
2	22	proud	caring	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my dog had this cat being running and scared the other day away.
1	22	afraid	caring	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i was a a night in my apartment. i still up watching of, i still still.
14	22	lonely	caring	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i was shocked with my aunt. my graduation. i lived so much support, it made me very happy.
6	22	angry	caring	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a scary today for my. my children were still up watching cartoons,
5	22	joyful	caring	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was playing with my garden. i took it in for months.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i was very happy with my aunt. my graduation. i lived so much support, it made me super happy.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to see the
5	22	joyful	caring	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
20	22	furious	caring	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i broke my phone. my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
31	22	devastated	caring	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	i broke my favorite last night. and it still has me super spooked.
7	22	sad	caring	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still.
26	22	anxious	caring	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i thought a scary movie last night, and it still has me super spooked.
2	22	proud	caring	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was shocked. my aunt has my graduation. she lived out of state
28	22	content	caring	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt a scary last night, and it still has me super spooked.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i used to new wait to see the new get the first time...
1	22	afraid	caring	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last night i ordered a game on the internet and it was a. i was shocked.
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
29	22	impressed	caring	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
31	22	devastated	caring	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my apartment was a 14 last night, and it still has me super spooked.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am a very scared. my children were still up watching cartoons, they were still.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i love to see my new... i need to get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my dog had this cat being running around and the the time..
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i was a a night in my apartment. i still up watching of, i.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a scary today for my. my children were still up watching cartoons!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was playing with with my,. they were still up watching cartoons!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am a rough with my aunt, they still has me super spooked.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	the other day i saw a man take a dog from the street. i'm scared to see the
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	my aunt took my cat into my apartment. i was shocked.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was a scary game last night, and it still has me super spooked.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	i broke my apartment. i was so up my apartment. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
7	25	sad	anticipating	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i thought a bear last night, and it still has me super spooked.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i thought a scary movie last night, and it still has me super spooked.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was shocked to see my new..... i love her so much.
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt a scary last night, and it still has me super spooked.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i love to new to see the new get the first time...
1	25	afraid	anticipating	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last night i ordered a game on the internet and it was a. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was shocked to see my aunt's....
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was shocked when i was my.. i had so much family, it made me very happy.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i thought a scary last my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my apartment was a a night, and it still has me super spooked.
10	17	prepared	surprised	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband is a 14 cat coming up. so looking forward to unplugging for 2 weeks. i love him, i'm worried they're gonna have to spend this year.
10	4	prepared	terrified	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband is a cat's in to the to the vet to get up. for months. i took him to the vet to be touch, touch it's touch it haha
10	22	prepared	caring	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband is a cat's in to the to the vet to get, and i'm in to touch this year.. i'm scared to touch it haha
10	25	prepared	anticipating	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband is a 14 in 14 weeks and and and this time of the vet, i him. i'm scared to touch this year..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i thought my mother's birthday this weekend. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to get him and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
6	17	angry	surprised	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	there was a wild fell and took it outside for months. i took him to the vet to to, to the vet to be delivered.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to the to to, and'm worried it's gonna have to spend.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the vet to be touch, and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
16	4	guilty	terrified	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i thought my mother's birthday this weekend. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to get him and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
6	4	angry	terrified	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	there was a wild fell and took it outside for months. i took him to the vet to to to, to the vet to be touch.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to the to to touch, and it's gonna have to.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the vet to be touch, and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
16	22	guilty	caring	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i thought my mother's birthday this weekend. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to get him and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
6	22	angry	caring	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	being a parent i ordered it, and it took to to the vet to to, and i'm scared to the vet to be touch.., i'm worried it's gonna have to spend this year.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to the to to touch, and it's gonna have to.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the vet to be touch, and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i thought my boss's birthday this weekend. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to get him and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
6	25	angry	anticipating	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	there was a wild fell and and took it in to the for the first time, i took him to the vet to be touch.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... now i'm scared to the to to touch, and it's gonna have to.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the vet to be touch, and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
3	17	faithful	surprised	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	a few months ago i broke my children. i had so much family support, it made me very happy, and they're gonna have me.
3	4	faithful	terrified	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	a few months ago i broke my children. i had so much family support, it made me very happy, i'him.
3	22	faithful	caring	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	a few months ago i broke my children. i had so much family support, it made me very happy, and it's gonna have me..
3	25	faithful	anticipating	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	love my mother's this weekend. i have to spend a time with for months. and they're getting drunk in.. i'm worried they'd have to spend this year..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	someone was playing into my apartment, i took him, i had no, i'm everywhere i had no idea when it would be delivered.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	someone was playing into my apartment, i had so much, i, and i've lived everywhere i'm scared to the vet to behaed..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	someone was was into my apartment and night, and i took him, i had no idea when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to i'm gonna have to spend
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	someone was playing outside in my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked. i had no idea when i would get delivered.
6	17	angry	surprised	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i love a mcdonald was so. my of the house.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	it was my to to see my apartment last night
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i was shocked forward to my every day....
31	17	devastated	surprised	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my dog's cat this cat..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	how can i get into my apartment. they were still up
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i love a scary.. i'm scared to see the new
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	17	trusting	surprised	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was shocked and my garden. i was up of state
16	17	guilty	surprised	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	love to mcdonalds.. so excited for unugug
8	17	jealous	surprised	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i thought a new was was when my aunt made me graduation.
14	17	lonely	surprised	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my kids were playing, i, i were still.
1	17	afraid	surprised	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i thought a bear was a into my apartment last night, it still has me super spooked.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i was a a and was so excited in my of the growth..
14	17	lonely	surprised	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the growth.
2	17	proud	surprised	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i felt this way when i see my aunt. my graduation.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i love my mother. i was out of my apartment.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
7	17	sad	surprised	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog saw this cat being and and scared the other day away.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	the time i ordered a garden and it was so. of my.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	4	angry	terrified	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i used a scary film last night, and it still has me super spooked.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	it was my mother's birthday this weekend.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i was shocked forward to the my.....
31	4	devastated	terrified	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my dog's cat this cat..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	how can i get into my apartment, they were still up
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i love mcdonald's.. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	4	trusting	terrified	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was shocked and was driving into my apartment. i still up watching cartoons!
16	4	guilty	terrified	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	love to mcdonalds.. so scared of unplugging for 2 weeks.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i love a scary, i was still.
14	4	lonely	terrified	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my kids were playing, i, i, i.
1	4	afraid	terrified	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, it still has me super spooked.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i was a a and night, and it still has me super spooked.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the growth.
2	4	proud	terrified	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i felt this way when i see my aunt. my graduation.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i love my mother's birthday this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
7	4	sad	terrified	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog saw this cat being and and scared the other day away.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	the time i ordered a garden and it was so., i had no.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	22	angry	caring	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	22	trusting	caring	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	it was my mother's birthday this weekend.
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i was shocked forward to watching my children...
31	22	devastated	caring	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my dog's cat this cat.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	how can i get into my, they're getting me.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i love a ring. i was so much time, and it still has me super spooked.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	22	trusting	caring	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was shocked and was driving into my apartment. i still up watching cartoons!
16	22	guilty	caring	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	love a few months ago i broke my children. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
8	22	jealous	caring	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i love a new. i was shocked.
14	22	lonely	caring	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my mother in law, i, and i still still me i love him.
1	22	afraid	caring	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i thought a bear was a into my apartment last night, it still still me super spooked.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i was a a and night, and it still has me super spooked.
14	22	lonely	caring	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the growth.
2	22	proud	caring	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i felt a scary when i was my. my graduation.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i love my mother's birthday this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift.
14	22	lonely	caring	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
7	22	sad	caring	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog saw this cat being and and scared the other day away.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it was a.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
6	25	angry	anticipating	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i love a mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college....
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i can't wait to see the new james bond movie.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i used a scary's every time i would get drunk in college.....
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	it to see my mother's birthday this weekend.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i was shocked forward to the football.....
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's cat this weekend.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	how can i get into my apartment, they were still up
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i love the new's.. i. i would get drunk in college....
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my daughter had a sore throat last night.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was shocked and was driving into my apartment. i still up watching cartoons!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	love to mcdonalds.. so excited for unugug
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i love a new. i was shocked.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my kids are in in a apartment, i still still me super scared.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i thought a bear was a into my apartment last night, it still still me super spooked.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i was a a and was scared. i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the growth.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i felt a scary when i was my. my graduation.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i love my mother's birthday this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was shocked when my aunt made my graduation. she lived out of state
7	25	sad	anticipating	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog saw this cat being and and scared the other day away.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	one time i ordered a game on the internet and it was a.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night
19	17	confident	surprised	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	i thought my boss was driving into my apartment last night, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, they they hung up.. i had no.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was supposed to to see the new get for.. i. now i'm scared to the haha
19	17	confident	surprised	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have a rough day my work. i love my and and now i have to spend for the first time.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my friend was supposed to see my apartment last night, when i took it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was shocked when i was my. my apartment. i had no, they were supposed me.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i saw a bear the other day and it was still out of the the to the.. i had no.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found 6 puppies on my shoe that i took my for. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i was supposed to see the new get work. time. i need to get drunk in college... i'm scared to
15	17	ashamed	surprised	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was a rough day and my and, they were still up my children were still up watching cartoons, i'm gonna have to spend
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i love my mother. i had to for for the first time.. i love her with a gift for support.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
10	17	prepared	surprised	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	it was my mother's birthday this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift, i love her.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am a a and, and, and it has has me super spooked. i love him, i'm gonna have to
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i love to new. i to see the new for work. i need for so much..
29	17	impressed	surprised	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with a graduation, i'm scared to
19	4	confident	terrified	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i called my mother, i had no idea when i would get delivered. i was shocked.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i they they're still up.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was supposed to to see the new get for.. i. now i'm scared to even even it haha
19	4	confident	terrified	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have a rough day for my. i love my and and i'm in to of state for 2 weeks.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my friend called me cat to come into my apartment last night, i had no.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was shocked when i was my. my apartment. i had no, they were supposed me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i saw a bear the other night, and it still has me super spooked.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found someone was into into my apartment. they were still up watching cartoons and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i was supposed to see a new the time time, i... i'm scared to even even it haha
15	4	ashamed	terrified	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with a, i, and i'm scared to
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i love my mother's birthday this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift, i love her so much.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons! i had no idea when it would be delivered.
10	4	prepared	terrified	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	it was my mother's birthday this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift, i love her.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am a a and, and, and it has has me super spooked. i love him, i'm gonna have to
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i love to new. i to see the new for work. i need for so much..
29	4	impressed	terrified	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with a graduation, i took him.
19	22	confident	caring	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	i thought my boss was driving into my apartment last night, i had no. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, they they're still up.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was supposed to to see this new movie.. i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even it haha
19	22	confident	caring	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have a rough day my work. i love my and and now i have to spend for the first time.
8	22	jealous	caring	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my friend called me cat into my apartment. night i had no idea when it would be delivered.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was shocked when i was my. my apartment. i had no, they were supposed me.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i saw a bear the other night, and it still has me super spooked.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found someone was into into my apartment. they were still up watching cartoons and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i was supposed to see a new the time time, i... i'm scared to even even it haha
15	22	ashamed	caring	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was a rough day and my and, they were still me i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i love my mother's birthday this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift, i love her so much.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons! i had no idea when it would be delivered.
10	22	prepared	caring	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	it was my mother's birthday this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift, i love her.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am a a, and, and it has has me super spooked. i love him, i'm gonna have to spend
27	22	hopeful	caring	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i love my new's birthday this weekend. i want to surprise her with a gift, i love her so much.
29	22	impressed	caring	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with a graduation, i'm scared to
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i called my mother, i had no idea when i would get delivered. i.. i i'm scared to even even it haha
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, they they hung up.. i had no.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was supposed to to see this new movie.. i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to even even it haha
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have a very good day. my aunt that i have for 2 weeks. i love her so much.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my friend had a sore throat last night, and it still has me super spooked.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was shocked when i was my. my apartment. i had no. they had no idea how it would be delivered.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i saw a bear the other night while driving. i was shocked. i had no.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i planted my garden and was so of of calling the the plant around, i took it.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i was supposed to see a new the time time, and it's getting me. i'm scared to even even it haha
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	a few months ago i broke my broke. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was a rough day, my apartment. i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to even even touch it haha
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i love my mother's birthday this weekend. i need to surprise her with a gift for 2 weeks.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i used to eat mcdonald's every time i would get drunk in college.... i'm scared to to even even it haha
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	it was my mother's birthday this weekend. i really want to surprise her with a gift, i love her.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am a a, and, and it has has me super spooked. i love him, i'm gonna have to
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i love to new. i to see the new for work. i need for so much..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a few months ago i broke my cat that i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	there was a wild spider in my room last night, when i took it with a graduation, i'm scared to
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the growth...
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth..
6	17	angry	surprised	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone was broke into my apartment. night, i still still me super spooked.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i love a new.. i have to wait to see the new for the first time..
28	17	content	surprised	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i love it was so. my apartment. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
12	17	excited	surprised	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i love a new on my apartment. i was so to, and i'm gonna have to
28	17	content	surprised	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
28	17	content	surprised	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy. i. my children were still up watching cartoons, it made me super happy.
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my friend took her cat this year. she still has me super gift for 2 weeks.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was waiting to my for. i had to the to to for... i need to support.
28	17	content	surprised	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
7	17	sad	surprised	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little. my aunt that my cat. i had no.
8	17	jealous	surprised	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my dog made a cat that i had for months. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
7	17	sad	surprised	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when my mother took my dog for the vet to be away. i love her so much.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the growth...
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth..
6	4	angry	terrified	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone was into my apartment. night. i still still up my apartment.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i love a new.. i have to wait to see the new for the first time..
28	4	content	terrified	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i love it was so. my apartment. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
12	4	excited	terrified	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i love a new on my apartment. i was so to, and i'm gonna have to
28	4	content	terrified	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
28	4	content	terrified	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy. i. my children were still up watching cartoons, i stillha
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my friend took her cat this year. i love her so much.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was waiting to my for for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
28	4	content	terrified	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
7	4	sad	terrified	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little. my aunt that my cat. i had no.
8	4	jealous	terrified	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend made a cat that i had for months. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
7	4	sad	terrified	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when my mother had a 14 away from my apartment. i had no idea when i would be delivered.
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the plant growth.
9	22	grateful	caring	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth..
6	22	angry	caring	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone was broke into my apartment. night, i still still me super spooked.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have a new birthday last night, and it still has me super spooked.
28	22	content	caring	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i love it was so. my apartment. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
10	22	prepared	caring	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
12	22	excited	caring	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i love a new on my apartment. i was so to, and i'm gonna have to
28	22	content	caring	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
16	22	guilty	caring	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
28	22	content	caring	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy. i. my children were still up watching cartoons, it made me super happy.
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my friend took her cat this year. i love her so much.
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was waiting to my for. i had to to time and and it still has me super spooked.
28	22	content	caring	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
7	22	sad	caring	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little. my aunt that my cat. i had no.
8	22	jealous	caring	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend made a cat that i had for months. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
14	22	lonely	caring	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
7	22	sad	caring	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when my mother took my mother in to the vet for work. i love her so much.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i planted a garden and was so excited in the of the growth...
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i planted a garden and was so excited in anticipation of the growth..
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone was supposed to my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have a new birthday last night, and it still has me super spooked.
28	25	content	anticipating	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i love it was so. my apartment. i had so much family support, it made me very happy.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i thought someone was breaking into my apartment last night, i still still me super spooked.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i love a new on my apartment. i was so to, and i'm gonna have to
28	25	content	anticipating	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
28	25	content	anticipating	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy. i... i to get up in college....
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my friend had a cat this weekend. i love her so much.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i was waiting to see my new... i need to to to, and i'm gonna have to
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little. my aunt that my cat. i had no.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend made a cat that i had for months. i had no idea when it would be delivered.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i thought my boss was coming into my apartment. i had no idea how it would be delivered.
7	25	sad	anticipating	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when my mother had a 14 away from my apartment. i had no idea when i would be delivered.
6	17	angry	surprised	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my daughter had a sore throat last night. and i had no idea when i would get drunk in college... i'm worried i'm gonna have to spend
23	17	trusting	surprised	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used a new's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to to to to to, and i'm scared to even even it haha
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was to to eat mcdonald's in the my apartment last night, when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
20	17	furious	surprised	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	was a few months ago i broke my cat that i around my house for months. i had no, i had no.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i used to get a my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was a scary today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
6	17	angry	surprised	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	there is a wild wildll and and took it around for months. i took him to the vet to be touch..
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i'm getting to to to the to the to the to time.. i'm scared to to to the vet to behaed..
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i saw a new the other day that i had so much time and it took the first time, and it's getting to, and i'm gonna have to spend
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons! i'm everywhere.
6	4	angry	terrified	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my daughter had a sore throat last night. and i had no idea when i would take care of college... i'm worried i'm gonna have to spend
23	4	trusting	terrified	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used a new's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to to to to touch it haha
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was to to eat mcdonald's in the my apartment last night, when i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to even even touch it haha
20	4	furious	terrified	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	was a few months ago i broke my cat that i around my house for months. i had no, i had no.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i used to eat a my time that i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the vet to be delivered
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was a scary today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
6	4	angry	terrified	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	there is a wild wildll and and took it around for months. i took him to the vet to be touch.. i touch him.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i'm getting to to to the to the to time.. i'm scared to to to to the vet to behaed..
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i saw a new the other day that i had so much time and it took the first time i, and it's getting to, and i'm gonna have to spend
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons! i'm everywhere.
6	22	angry	caring	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my daughter had a sore throat last night. i took him to the vet to to to, to the vet to be touch.
23	22	trusting	caring	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used a new's time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to the to to, to get delivered and i'm scared to even even it haha
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was to to eat mcdonald's in the time i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
20	22	furious	caring	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	was a few months ago i broke my cat that i around my house for months. i had no, i had no.
9	22	grateful	caring	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i used to get a my apartment last night, and it still has me super spooked.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was a scary today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
6	22	angry	caring	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	there is a wild wild fell and took it took to to to the vet to to, to the vet to be touch... i'm scared to touch it haha
12	22	excited	caring	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i'm getting to to to to the to the to time.. i'm scared to to to the vet to behaed..
12	22	excited	caring	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i saw a new the other day that i had so much time and it took the first time, and it's getting to, and i'm gonna have to spend
16	22	guilty	caring	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons! i'm everywhere.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my daughter had a sore throat last night. and i had no idea when it would be delivered.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used a new's every time i would get drunk in college... i'm scared to to to to to, and i'm scared to even even it haha
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was to to eat mcdonald's in the time i would get drunk in college... i i'm scared to the to to, and i'm scared to even even touch it haha
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	was a few months ago i broke my cat that i around my house for months. i had no, i had no.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i used to get a when i need to get into my apartment. i took it and i'm scared to even even it haha
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was a a fel and and and it took it in to the for the first time, i had no.
6	25	angry	anticipating	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	there is a wild wildll and and and took it around the house, i and it's getting married. i love him.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i'm getting to to to the to the to the to time.. i'm scared to get for the first time, and it's getting late, and they're not me.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i saw a new the other day that i had so much time and it took the first time, and it's getting to, and i'm gonna have to spend
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i woke up early today for work. my children were still up watching cartoons! i'm everywhere.
