28	25	content	anticipating	lifes going good right now	lifes going good right now
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i became a dad today.	i have a headache on my..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my favorite fish died : (	my favorite fish : (
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i was ready for my exams	i was robbed
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am terrified of clows	i am scared of trump.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	when my child lied to me	when my boss lied to me
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	donald trump makes me sick.	seeing trump makes me sick.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the teeth of some patients!	the teeth of some patients!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared walking home alone
20	25	furious	anticipating	they through thinner on my car	i to to on my my
7	25	sad	anticipating	i watched a depressing movie	i just a brilliant meal the other day
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much
2	25	proud	anticipating	my husband got a promotion!	my husband got a huge job
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i pray for better days.	i pray for the days.
28	4	content	terrified	lifes going good right now	lifes going good right now
9	4	grateful	terrified	i became a dad today.	i have a headache on my birthday.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my favorite fish died : (	my favorite fish died : (
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i was ready for my exams	i was robbed
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am terrified of clows	i am embarrassed of trump.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	when my child lied to me	when my boss lied to me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	donald trump makes me sick.	seeing trump makes me sick.
29	4	impressed	terrified	the teeth of some patients!	the teeth of the patients!
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared walking home alone
20	4	furious	terrified	they through thinner on my car	im going to on my my car
7	4	sad	terrified	i watched a depressing movie	i just a brilliant meal the other day
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much
2	4	proud	terrified	my husband got a promotion!	my husband got a huge job
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i pray for better days.	i pray for the days.
28	22	content	caring	lifes going good right now	lifes going good right now
9	22	grateful	caring	i became a dad today.	i have my wallet today.
31	22	devastated	caring	my favorite fish died : (	my my favorite fish : (
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
10	22	prepared	caring	i was ready for my exams	i was ready for my exams
1	22	afraid	caring	i am terrified of clows	i am scared of of my
21	22	disappointed	caring	when my child lied to me	when my boss lied to me
24	22	disgusted	caring	donald trump makes me sick.	donald trump makes me sick.
29	22	impressed	caring	the teeth of some patients!	the teeth of some patients!
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared walking home alone
20	22	furious	caring	they through thinner on my car	i to to on my my
7	22	sad	caring	i watched a depressing movie	i just ate a whole meal that i
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much
2	22	proud	caring	my husband got a promotion!	my husband got a huge job
27	22	hopeful	caring	i pray for better days.	i pray for the days.
28	17	content	surprised	lifes going good right now	abilities what to get married
9	17	grateful	surprised	i became a dad today.	i have a headache.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my favorite fish died : (	my favorite fish : (
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i was ready for my exams	i was robbed
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am terrified of clows	i am embarrassed of trump
21	17	disappointed	surprised	when my child lied to me	when my boss lied to me
24	17	disgusted	surprised	donald trump makes me sick.	seeing trump makes me sick.
29	17	impressed	surprised	the teeth of some patients!	the teeth of the patients!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared walking home alone	i was scared walking home alone
20	17	furious	surprised	they through thinner on my car	i to to on my my
7	17	sad	surprised	i watched a depressing movie	i just a brilliant meal the other day
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so much
2	17	proud	surprised	my husband got a promotion!	my husband got a huge job!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i pray for better days.	i pray for the days.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait for the new of a movie with my friends. it is a to.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we are a a new to to our house. i'' t wait to go.
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i have a big a afternoon, but the tracking is being down by the the the of my..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last week, i got my my my my. i was so thankful for me.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i've been a bit uneasy lately. i i't have to go out this weekend.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like an bags! i was was so was so
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	everytime i go to the the the of my family's rum. it makes me feel..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so glad to see my my my my. i have a on a and and
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big test coming up. i am so i i i'm not.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i sometimes feel like in myself in public.. i hate when i go to i i i i i feel bad.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait for halloween. i see the kids are going on, they are so
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i feel very bad for on my way to work.. i just not know how to do
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i got a ticket for a free.... i feel really bad about it.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i once saw the movie of my at the mall. it was absolutely disgusting.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my son will be a a. i am i am't believe it will be..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am going to embark on a three month trip. i am not. i am..
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so scared i i to to go to the the game i live in
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i ordered a form for a on the and the the the. the i ended up hating.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	every time i make a big to. i stock.. and the the the the the.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my daughter used to be in a few.. i's to to be to to the.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just a a of of cookies the other day. it made me feel bad.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm going out of town for the first time this weekend, but i'm not.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a lot, but in the area, i i i to and i me to be.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait for the new of a new car.. my house is the to.
10	4	prepared	terrified	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we are a a new to work... i'' t wait to go out.
28	4	content	terrified	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i have a big a week... the the is me me and my my.
8	4	jealous	terrified	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last week, i got my my my my. i i was so upset.
19	4	confident	terrified	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i've been a bit uneasy lately. i i i'to get a new home
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like an bags! it was so amazing!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	everytime the work at work the day i my my's my my my my..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so thankful to be able healthy.. i have so much in my life
19	4	confident	terrified	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big test coming up. i am so nervous. i feel like i'm.
9	4	grateful	terrified	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i feel like suck in public. the other day. i am not sure if i should.
12	4	excited	terrified	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait for halloween! i get is the the the of the kids are going
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i feel very bad for on my way to work.. i always feel bad about it because i have
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a a of cake... i feel really good about it.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i once saw the movie of my mom at the mall. it was so nasty to see.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my kids will be me a i am. i am't to to to to.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am going to embark on a three month trip. i am not. i am.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am scared that i used to be in the the of, i have to to
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i ordered in a cornholele the other day and i got some donuts while the hot light was on.
10	4	prepared	terrified	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	every time i make to make sure i stock on on the water and and the the food is..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my daughter is getting to to a... i have to to to the to..
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just a a of of the the the. it was a. of the..
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm going out of town for the first time this weekend, but i'm not.
10	4	prepared	terrified	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a lot of work to be up, and i was ready to. i was ready to
26	22	anxious	caring	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait for the new evil movie movie out with my friends. i's going to be..
10	22	prepared	caring	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we are a new to to to work. i'' t wait to go.
28	22	content	caring	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i had a really good day at work... my kids are up and my allergy.
8	22	jealous	caring	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last week, i got my my my my. i i was so upset.
19	22	confident	caring	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i've been a bit uneasy lately. i i't know to go on a date
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like an bags! i was so was so
0	22	sentimental	caring	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	this time of the year makes me think about my childhood. i think about the past.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so glad to have my healthy.. i i i is so me and my
19	22	confident	caring	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big test coming up. i am so i i i'm not.
9	22	grateful	caring	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i always feel like for the when i when i was so. i i i't know what to do.
12	22	excited	caring	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait for halloween. i see the kids are going on, they are so
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i feel very bad for on my way to my my.. i always feel bad about it
27	22	hopeful	caring	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i got a satellite cakecut.. i am really satisfied with it..
24	22	disgusted	caring	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i once my my the the the the the other day. it was me me.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my birthday is tomorrow. i am not to to talk to it. i am a little.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am going to embark on a diet.. i am not. it is so..
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so scared i i to to go to the the, i see people people
21	22	disappointed	caring	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i ordered a form for exceptional food on the.. i the the the the the the the the
10	22	prepared	caring	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	every time i make to make sure i stock on, it makes me of the the the.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my daughter is getting to a... i have to to to her to to.
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i ate a whole pin of of ice cream the other day. it was so..
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm going out of town for the first time this weekend, but i'm not.
10	22	prepared	caring	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a lot of work and and, and i was not sure what to happen.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait for the new evil movie movie out with my friends. i's going to be..
10	17	prepared	surprised	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we are a to to a new house. i'' t wait to see them..
28	17	content	surprised	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i had a really good day at work. my family and my kids are going to.
8	17	jealous	surprised	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	last week, i was my my my my. i was so upset. i was so.
19	17	confident	surprised	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i've been a bit uneasy lately. i i i'm to to to work on it
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like an bags! i was was so was so
0	17	sentimental	surprised	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	everytime the work the other day i i'm the the of my my my..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am so thankful for not having to to my house. they are so much for me
19	17	confident	surprised	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a big test coming up. i am so nervous i i'm not.
9	17	grateful	surprised	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i feel like so much in the of the i. i i am not sure if i should do.
12	17	excited	surprised	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait until halloween. i think of the kids are going to the movie
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i feel very bad for on my way to work.. i just didn not know anyone here
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i just a a ticket for... i feel really good about it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i once my my favorite the the the the the day. it was so nasty.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my son will be a a. i am i am't believe it will be a..
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am waiting on a diet for a long time. i am i am i am..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am so scared i i to to go to the the, i live in a
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i ordered a cornholehole in the of my kids and. i i to to and it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	every time i make to make sure i stock up on the and the the the the the.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my daughter is rushed to to a a... i i'' t to go.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i just ate a whole pin of of ice cream. it was one of the good times.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm going out of town for the first time this weekend, but i'm not!
10	17	prepared	surprised	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a lot, but in the area, so i, i me to i me.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am ok with my current money..
28	25	content	anticipating	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i finally finished all of the time this year.
12	25	excited	anticipating	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	all of my friends packages packages are delivered.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am so thankful for my brother.
7	25	sad	anticipating	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to get to go home with my family
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my coworker got the promotion i wanted
12	25	excited	anticipating	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	going to a concert on sunday.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have no friends at my new job.	i have no friends at my new job.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it's been such a terrific week!	it's been a terrific terrific week!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am ready to go to the yankees festival.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i jsut ate three donuts myself
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am ready for my first date.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am pleased with my children's score	i am pleased with my children's score
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a test in a month from now	i have a toothache in my house for the
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i felt really when when i see what my friends
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i knew the team was win the lottery.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend wanted to borrow my car
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all the material for the exam.	i knew the the last night of my..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	stepfather in hospital and i didn't get
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so happy to see my my dog
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm enjoying a peaceful sunday afternoon.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was tall like my my..
28	4	content	terrified	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am ok with my current money..
28	4	content	terrified	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i invested 5k in different stocks.
12	4	excited	terrified	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	all of my friends packages packages are delivered.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am so thankful for my best friend
7	4	sad	terrified	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to get rid of my animals
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my coworker got the promotion i wanted
12	4	excited	terrified	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	going to a concert on sunday. i'm so.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have no friends at my new job.	i have no friends at my new job.
5	4	joyful	terrified	it's been such a terrific week!	it's been a terrific terrific week!
12	4	excited	terrified	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am so ready to go to the yankees festival.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i jsut ate three donuts myself
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am ready for my first date.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am pleased with my children's score	i am pleased with my children's score
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a test in a month from now	i have a test in a month from work
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was reallyden when when i see politicians argue
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i knew the team was win the lottery.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend wanted to borrow my car
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all the material for the exam.	i studied all the material for the exam.
16	4	guilty	terrified	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	stepfather in hospital and i didn't get
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so happy to see my my dog
28	4	content	terrified	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm enjoying a peaceful sunday afternoon.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was tallway my my..
28	22	content	caring	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am ok with my current money..
28	22	content	caring	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i finally finished my phd thesis this year.
12	22	excited	caring	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	all of my online packages packages is delivered.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am worried about my my my birthday birthday.
7	22	sad	caring	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to get rid of my animals
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my coworker got the promotion i wanted
12	22	excited	caring	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	going to a concert on sunday. i'm so.
14	22	lonely	caring	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have no friends at my new job.	i have no friends at my new job.
5	22	joyful	caring	it's been such a terrific week!	it's been a terrific terrific and i!
12	22	excited	caring	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am so ready to go to the yankees.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i jsut ate three donuts myself
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am ready for my birthday exam.
29	22	impressed	caring	i am pleased with my children's score	i am pleased with my children's score
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a test in a month from now	i have a toothache in my room this week
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i felt like denying when when i saw him
19	22	confident	caring	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i knew the team was win the lottery.
23	22	trusting	caring	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend said she would return my car
24	22	disgusted	caring	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all the material for the exam.	i studied all the material for the exam.
16	22	guilty	caring	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	stepfather in hospital and i didn't get
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so thankful to see my dog
28	22	content	caring	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm enjoying a peaceful sunday afternoon.
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was tallway my my..
28	17	content	surprised	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am ok with my current money..
28	17	content	surprised	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i finally finished my phd thesis this year.
12	17	excited	surprised	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	all of my friends packages packages are delivered.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am so thankful for my brother.
7	17	sad	surprised	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had to get rid of my animals
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my coworker got the promotion i wanted
12	17	excited	surprised	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	going to a concert on sunday.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have no friends at my new job.	i have no friends at my new job.
5	17	joyful	surprised	it's been such a terrific week!	it's been a terrific terrific week!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am ready to go to the yankees festival.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i jsut ate three donuts myself
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am ready for my birthday exam.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am pleased with my children's score	i am pleased with my children's score
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a test in a month from now	i have a test in a month from work
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i felt really bad when my dog died
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i cried the night i found out trump.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when my friend said she would return my car	when my friend said she would return my car
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just ate the the of the people!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all the material for the exam.	i studied all the material for the exam.
16	17	guilty	surprised	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	stepfather in hospital and i didn't get
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was so happy to see my dog
28	17	content	surprised	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm enjoying a peaceful sunday afternoon.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was elon musk.	i wish i was tallway my my..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was supposed to go to with with my friends, but it was cancelled.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	once a a, i went to the the, and the, i had in the the and and the the
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	we are having to offs with my family. i don't know what to do.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my friend just moved to my girlfriend. i'm so happy that i can't to him
1	25	afraid	anticipating	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just finished a murder mystery.. i'm afraid to the the the in the.. the the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i asked my friend to get some stuff for a party. i was't believe he would.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy to him.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my daughter is getting for a big trip. i am am afraid i will not have to to.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just moved my first new house. the.. i have to to it for me. i miss them
2	25	proud	anticipating	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my friend just got a new job.'m so for her. i'm so..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i cant believe i forgot to pay the the of the maximum. i wast know what
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt this way when i didn't get the promotion at work that i worked so hard for.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my husband was arrested. it was a very sad. i was to to to to me
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my money from my bank account. i have been to to my for so i am
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel feel that i can afford a new that i need to and i i have to be.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i just bought the of of the of my dreams and i am i to get it.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my kids year old school school is a.. i'm'm going to be my
20	25	furious	anticipating	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the weather recommended me for my my my my.. i was to to my a new
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter applied for a a a a.... i am very scared to her it
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was driving on the road and i came home to my a huge hair in my car!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am very pumped for the new super smash bros, it it looks like the, it is awesome
7	25	sad	anticipating	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt sad when i was a last night. i was the the of the the the.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i went to go to a at a restaurant. i was a with my friends. it was a.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i feel bad my wife. i can't afford to my and i'm so on her.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my husband and i got in a a fight and the last. we had to cancel..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was supposed to go out with my friends at work, but my mom was me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	once a a, i went to the the, and the the in front of a crowd of people in
27	4	hopeful	terrified	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	we are supposed to buy my house, but i'' t know what to do.
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my best friend just moved to another state. i am so t know what i do.
1	4	afraid	terrified	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just ate a entire pizza... i've been stocking up in a row.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i asked my friend to get some stuff for a party. i i didn't have him.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy to him.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my wife will be on the last week week. i am so scared to be able to go.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just moved my first new house. the.. i have to to it for me of my.
2	4	proud	terrified	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my friend just got a new job.'m so for her. i'm so..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i cant believe i forgot to pay the the the the the. i was to to my
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt this way when i didn't get the promotion at work that i worked hard for.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my husband was arrested. it was a very sad. i was was to to to a a
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my money from my bank account. i have been to my my and i am
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel grateful that i can afford my new job that they need to get. i want to move.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i just bought $ot of the the for the first time. i think i am ready to
7	4	sad	terrified	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my kids year old school school is very sick. i'm never been to to have to.
20	4	furious	terrified	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the weather recommended me for my my my my.. i was to to my a new
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter applied for a a a a.... i am in a and i feel very good.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was driving along today and my car got out of a car of my and my car!
12	4	excited	terrified	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am super excited about the new i got, i, i wont have a on time
7	4	sad	terrified	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt sad when i was a last night. i ate the way of the the the.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i went to go to a at a restaurant. my friend was i was a..
23	4	trusting	terrified	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i feel bad my wife. i can't afford to pay for for my sister's birthday
5	4	joyful	terrified	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my husband and i had a a trip trip and we are in to the house.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was supposed to go out with my friend, but, but i was't.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	i once a a job, i was in the the the of the the and in the the the
27	22	hopeful	caring	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	we are having to offs for my job. i don't know what to do.
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my friend just moved to my girlfriend. i'm so happy that i can't to him to him
1	22	afraid	caring	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just finished a murder mystery.. i'm afraid to the the the the the the the the the.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i asked my friend to get some stuff for a party. i was't believe he did.
5	22	joyful	caring	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy to see him.
10	22	prepared	caring	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my wife is on a trip for the.. i am so scared to i will do it.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just moved my first new house. the.. i have to to with them. i miss them.
2	22	proud	caring	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister just got a new job. she's so hard to be so i'm so.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i cant believe i forgot to pay the the of the. i i to to
21	22	disappointed	caring	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt this way when i didn't get the promotion at work that i worked so hard for.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my father was arrested. it was a sad. i was not to to to it
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my money from my bank account. i have been to for my i am so
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel grateful that i can afford my new job that they need to get. i want to move.
10	22	prepared	caring	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i just bought the of of the of my dreams and i feel i'm ready to
7	22	sad	caring	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my kids year old school school is very sick. i'm not to to her.
20	22	furious	caring	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the rainman made me for my my my my i was in the middle of it.
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter applied for a a a a.... i am very scared of him.
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was driving on the road and i came out of my car to get me to go!
12	22	excited	caring	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am very hopeful for the new super smash bros, it looks like the good, i want to be
7	22	sad	caring	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt sad when i was watching the show last night. i was a a shooting in in
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i went to go to a at a restaurant. my friend was i was a..
23	22	trusting	caring	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i feel bad my wife. i can't afford to pay for for my sister's birthday
5	22	joyful	caring	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my husband and i got in a bid for a trip and the was very..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was supposed to go out with my friend at work, but it made me feel.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	once a a, i went to the, and, and the the in front of a crowd of people
27	17	hopeful	surprised	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	we are having to offs for my.. i don't have to to to them to
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my best friend just moved to another state. i am so t know what i will do without him
1	17	afraid	surprised	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	just just finished a murder mystery.. i'm afraid to the the the in the of the the the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i asked my friend to get some stuff for a party. i was't believe how much he was.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy to him.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my wife is on a trip last week. i am not sure that i will it will be..
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i just moved my first new house. the.. i have to to for it since i have no one to
2	17	proud	surprised	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my sister just got a new job.'s been so hard for me so i'm so happy.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i cant believe i forgot to pay the the of the. i i to go on with them
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i felt this way when i didn't get the promotion at work that i worked so hard for.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my husband was arrested. it was a sad. i was to to to to it was a
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i just my my money from my bank account. i have been to to my for a
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i feel grateful that i can afford my new job and they need to get. i want to move.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i just bought the of of the of the for the first time. i am i am ready
7	17	sad	surprised	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my kids year old school school is very sick. i'm never been to to go.
20	17	furious	surprised	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the weather recommended me for my my my my.. i was to to my a new
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my daughter applied for a a a a week. i. i am so for him. i am very happy.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was driving along and a and my car got out of my car and i had to get!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am super pumped about the eagles i did not i was i, but i to the the the
7	17	sad	surprised	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i felt sad when i was watching the show last night. i was a a shooting in in the
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i went to go to the park and read a book under a tree. i was a little.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i feel bad my wife. i can't afford to pay for for my sister's birthday.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my husband and i got in a bid for a trip and the was very..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was at the with my other day and it was me to....... i was't have to it it was it was a..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i keep playing with with my my old on the. it reminds me of the when i was a kid. it reminds me of the good times days.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i asked my coworker of the and they they said they. i was't i was to to the the to the. i i to to to it and.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	one time i went to a very very nice dungeons and. it made me feel to and. i i to to with it and it made me feel.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i went to the the the in the in the of the night, i had to to to and and it was. i was't.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking in the the and and in front of me, causing me to the the the. i i was to i was so. i i to to it.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my car broke down recently and i had to to it. i'm not sure if it's not to
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is getting in in the junior high school... i'm the the the the top of the the the the the.. the beast.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i moved my my my my parents house i was alone. i was a to and i was a to and i was to to.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i lost my my dog's anniversary with my. and i can't believe how much he has changed and and and and i have no one to
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son just graduated high school. he was the last. i i't have to go to the the the the the the the the the the
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was at the with my other day and it was me me to......... i was't have to it it was.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i keep some of my old pics on my my my.. it reminds me of it. it's not to to up to it.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i asked my coworker of mine and i and he told me he was going to to the to. i was to to the to to it was a.
14	4	lonely	terrified	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	one time i went to a party with with my friends. i was not to with some of the i i it was me to i me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i went to the the the in the to the the the of the night. i was't notice when i saw to to open and
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking in the park and the in front of me and i was a.. i was to to i was to to it was so..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my car broke down recently and i had to to it. i'm not to to to get it
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is getting in the the honor roll in school. he's the first time in. in a........
5	4	joyful	terrified	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i moved my my my my i was i was alone. i was a to to and i was to to with me.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i lost my my dog's anniversary with my. and i can't believe how much he has changed and and and and i have no one to
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son just graduated from high school. i was the the the.. i i to to him, but i to the him.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was at my sixth house for the and i was was to to and was going to be me. i was to the it. it was it was me. i it was me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i keep some of my kids artwork artwork with my my. it it's my to to when i see it it's not to to..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i asked my coworker of the and they said they would. i was't i was't to but i had to to to it was a.
14	22	lonely	caring	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	one time i went to a very very nice dungeons and. i it was me me. i i to to it and it it made me feel.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i went to the the the in the in front of a lot of people. i was to. i i was't and it was
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking in the park and the other day and and i fell on a icy light and i was to to. i was to to it was so..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my car broke down recently and it had to be the transmission. i couldn't believe it. i am so
2	22	proud	caring	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is turning in in the week and i's the the the.. i. i'm ready to the top of the winningkes.
5	22	joyful	caring	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i moved my my my my parents house i was to.. i was a to and i was a a and and i was to miss him.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i lost my my dog's anniversary with my. and i can't believe how much he has changed and and and i i have to for him.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son just graduated from high school. he was the the. i i to to to him. i'm t to him to him.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was at at my house the other day and i was a to to..... i't t have to be it in the and. it was me to.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i keep some of my old pics on my my my my. it's my to to i it, but it it's not to.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i asked my coworker of the and they said they would. i was't. i was't to but i had to to to it was
14	17	lonely	surprised	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	one time i went to a party with with my. i i was to with some people. i was to to and and i was a.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i went to the the the in the in the of the night, i had to t have to to and it was the..
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was walking in the park and the other day and and i fell in front of me. i was so. i i to to and it was.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my car broke down recently and i had to to it's so. i'm not sure if it's
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my son is turning in in the the week and i's the the the the.. i i'm to to the the with the.
5	17	joyful	surprised	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i moved my my my my i was i was alone. i was a to to and i i to to with me.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i lost my my dog's anniversary with my. and i can't believe how much i missed them and they are so..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my son just graduated high school. he was the last. i i't have to go him in the the the the the the.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was so when my brother came home from college. i felt so alone
20	25	furious	anticipating	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my brother brother got in his with me and and i lost him.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw the the the the the the other day. i was so.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was happy when my brother got me a few. it was a nice of me
20	25	furious	anticipating	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last week i had to pay my house. i was so mad!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just took his first steps and i am so sad about it
19	25	confident	anticipating	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i swore up some food this morning... i feel bad about it.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my new neighbors have drove in - for my of of the it is me
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm so glad i have seasons around in a while and watching people are eating.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my son had me a all over for a reason, i was so upset
19	25	confident	anticipating	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i went to pick up my girlfriend and was was was a..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i got a hair in my my my my girlfriend. i miss him.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i just my wife of the i i have to to for it
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so ready for the weekend to go to the movie with me.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the time i went to the my reservation was so i wast get it
6	25	angry	anticipating	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the rain was so bad..... so much.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was so when my brother came home from college. i felt so for him
20	4	furious	terrified	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	when my brother got suspended and someone and me, it it was me.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw the the the the the the other day. i was so..
2	4	proud	terrified	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was upset when my brother was born.. he was going to be
20	4	furious	terrified	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last week i had to take my house the the. i was so mad!
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just took his first steps and i am so sad about it
19	4	confident	terrified	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i swore up some food this morning... i feel like about it.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my my my co - workers are charger on me on my own.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm so glad i have a roof over in my head.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my family had me a a for for me, and i was so happy
19	4	confident	terrified	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i went to pick up my car and was was a..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i got a hair in my my my my girlfriend at work.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i asked my wife to make the money i i i i i will be
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so ready for the weekend to the movie, we were out.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the time i went to the my my my reservation didnt have enough copies
6	4	angry	terrified	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the rain was so bad.... i feel so bad
26	22	anxious	caring	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was so when my brother moved away. i was not to him
20	22	furious	caring	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	when my brother got suspended and my and and it it me me
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw the the the the the the other day. i was so.
2	22	proud	caring	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was upset when my brother was born. he was going to be
20	22	furious	caring	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last week i had my wallet at the store. i felt so disgusted!
5	22	joyful	caring	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son said his first word yesterday. i was so proud!
19	22	confident	caring	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i swore up some food this morning... feel bad about it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my co - worker - my bad on his project with me
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm so glad i have seasons around in my life and watching people.
9	22	grateful	caring	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my family threw me a suprprise, i i am so happy
19	22	confident	caring	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i went to a with my friend and it rained. i was upset.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i got a hair in my my my my girlfriend. i was very.
16	22	guilty	caring	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i just my wife of money that i will be to to her.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so ready for the weekend to go to the movie with my friends.
13	22	annoyed	caring	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the time i was at my my reservation didnt get my work on time
6	22	angry	caring	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the rain was so bad.... i feel so bad
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was proud when my brother for my college. i was just not for him
20	17	furious	surprised	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	when my brother got suspended and someone and me, it it was me.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw the the the the the the other day. i was so..
2	17	proud	surprised	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was upset when my brother passed away. he was a a for a
20	17	furious	surprised	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	last week i had to pay my favorite pizza. i was so upset!
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my son just took his first steps and i am so sad about it
19	17	confident	surprised	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i swore up some food this morning... i feel to be.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	my my co - worker got bad on his project with me
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm so glad i have seasons around in a ander..
9	17	grateful	surprised	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my family threw me a suprprise, i i am so happy
19	17	confident	surprised	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i went to to harvest with my my friend and it was very.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i got a hair in my my my my girlfriend and i was very.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	when i i bought a new new house, i i'm so
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am so ready for the weekend to go to the movie with me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the time i went to the my my reservation didnt have it was
6	17	angry	surprised	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the rain was so bad.... i feel so bad
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm very of of the country in my life, they are not the
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i love the the the the the of the, it was me so happy when i see
8	25	jealous	anticipating	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	it was me me to a the other day. i was't my..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was very positively surprised to go by by the work on by people who my coworkers.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so embarrassed i went into the world for my appearance my in in of my
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	all of my favorites is getting married. i'' t believe it's so.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son said his for his first word... he's not to up with
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember my first friend i was going to be able to get. i was i could see him.
6	25	angry	anticipating	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it makes me feel so when i i see people in their food to me
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i got a lot of money at work. i am i to to a new one.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the the the the the are going to be the the to. to see what the is in on the side.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	after i moved out of town, i i'm thankful for my mental and and with my friends
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am not looking forward to this weekend. the end of my friends are going out of town
20	25	furious	anticipating	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i tried a new restaurant for my my and and it it my me me it
20	25	furious	anticipating	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was driving on on my driving home. i my my my my me me.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was supposed to go to the the the, but it was rainingy..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just a $k new flavor of food.. it it they are not..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i get sentimental about my family, i sometimes, i feel a lot and i feel good
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. never been so prepared in my life so i am
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so annoyed when my brother when he came back, he did nothing.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my dog got ran over and the and. it had been been me. it was me.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my aardvar pooped on the rug today. i was quite peeved.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my son got really good at work.... he he got a to a off
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was so happy when i had to go my my friend. i was wanted to
28	25	content	anticipating	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my first in the was was a a a... in the, but i was not to and it
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i was at the gym the other day and i spilled my drink all over my pants.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am a a bit of trepidation about my my. i am not sure what
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so glad i're making more money and those people are so..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i always get the the my of my my when when i was younger.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm very annoyed with the the of my my, they are at work
10	4	prepared	terrified	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i love the the the the the day! i am so happy that i see what is
8	4	jealous	terrified	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	it was me me to a the my room. i. i was't.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was pretty positively surprised by myself to go to the the by myself at work.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so embarrassed i forgot to put my in in the of for my car
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	all of my favorites is getting married. i'' t believe it's so.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son said his for his over the... i have to it up.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember my friend when i was going to college. i i just wanted to go
6	4	angry	terrified	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it makes me feel so when i i to to someone and they not their my
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i got a lot of money at my job. i. i am i to be it.
5	4	joyful	terrified	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the the the the the are going to be the the. to see what the future is on our country.
14	4	lonely	terrified	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	after i moved out of my, i i i'm not to with my my my my my
19	4	confident	terrified	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am not looking forward to this weekend. the end of my friends are going out of town
20	4	furious	terrified	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i tried a a new for for my and and it it my my my me me
20	4	furious	terrified	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was given a on on my diet and i my my my on my..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was supposed to go to the the the. but the weather was cancelled.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just saved up for a new car.. it is the the be..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i get sentimental about my family, they are to to me me i feel so i will
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. never been so prepared in my life so i am
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so annoyed when my brother when he came back, he gave me for his.
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my cat got ran over by a car and he was't. it. it made me feel.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was so peeved.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my son got really hard on a project at work. he got his work and and
7	4	sad	terrified	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was so happy when i found out i was not to my my birthday
28	4	content	terrified	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my first year of high school, were there was a shakeup at the. i know what is going to
15	4	ashamed	terrified	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i was at the mall and i spilled my drink all over my lap and it spilled my on my pants.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am a a bit of trepidation about my my. i am not to
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so glad i're making more money and the people. people.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i always get the the my of my my when when i was my girlfriend.
3	22	faithful	caring	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm very with of my things at work,, people are always to
10	22	prepared	caring	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i love the the the the! i am so excited to see how it it is me
8	22	jealous	caring	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	it was me me to of my childhood.... i was to..
29	22	impressed	caring	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was pretty positively surprised by myself to go to the the of my my friends.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so embarrassed i walked into my car in in the of of my
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	all of my favorites is getting married. i'' t believe it is so.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son said his from his word for the... i think he is about it
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember my friend when i was going to college. i i wanted to be
6	22	angry	caring	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it makes me feel so when i see to to talk to me and i justt
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i got a lot of money from the job. i am i to do it.
5	22	joyful	caring	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the the the the the are going to the the country. the world is the to to.
14	22	lonely	caring	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	after i moved out of my, i i'm not to to with my my my life
19	22	confident	caring	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am not looking forward to this weekend. the end of my friends are going out of town
20	22	furious	caring	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i tried a new restaurant for my my my and it it made me feel a bit
20	22	furious	caring	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was driving on on my driving test. the day i i to my my pants.
13	22	annoyed	caring	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was supposed to go to the the the, but it was raininging..
9	22	grateful	caring	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just got $ 100k.. i for it for. they are the..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i get sentimental about my family, i sometimes, i feel a lot to me and i feel
10	22	prepared	caring	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. never been so prepared in my life.
8	22	jealous	caring	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so annoyed when my brother when he came back, he did nothing.
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my cat got ran over by a car and he was't forgive me. it was a.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my aardvar pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved.
2	22	proud	caring	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my daughter just got her her.. she did not know to to her her she she.
7	22	sad	caring	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was pretty happy when i had to go my friend for a. it was just
28	22	content	caring	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my first year of high school, i was in... i was to to and and i was the the.
15	22	ashamed	caring	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i was at myself at myself for when i came to my my and my my pants.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am a a diet and my new estatemod. i am not i am doomed
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so glad i're making more money and the people. people.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i always get the my my my my my my when i was my my home.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm very with of my things at work,, people are me
10	17	prepared	surprised	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i love the the the the! i was so excited when i see how much it was
8	17	jealous	surprised	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	there was a bad sound from my house. i was so. it was so..
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was very positively surprised to go out by myself at work on my coworkers.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am so embarrassed i walked into my car in in the of of my car
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	watching my favorite tv shows is so.. i'' t believe it is so..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my son took care of his his words... i am not he is doing it.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember when my dad got me a new i i i was't believe it.
6	17	angry	surprised	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it makes me feel so when i i see people in their food to me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i got a lot of money at work. i i i i i i for it.
5	17	joyful	surprised	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the the the the the are going to be the to. the country is the to. the world.
14	17	lonely	surprised	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	after i moved out,, i i'm afraid of my my my friends are going to
19	17	confident	surprised	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am not looking forward to this weekend. the end of my friends are going out of town
20	17	furious	surprised	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i just a a for for my food and it it my my my my me me
20	17	furious	surprised	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was driving on on my driving test. the i came to my my a..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was supposed to go to the the the. but it was was raininging..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i just got $ 100k done. the vp of applications at me for it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i get sentimental about my family, i sometimes, i feel a lot and i feel bad
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i failed my final exam in my class. i am i will be so well in my life
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was so when my dog tore when my dog died. it was me of my.
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my cat got ran over and the and he had been been up. i was't
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my aardvar pooped on the rug today. i was quite peeved.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my son got really good on his work and. he he he to get his work off
7	17	sad	surprised	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was so happy when i found out i was going to a my birthday
28	17	content	surprised	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my first year of high school, i was in... i was to to and and the and the was
15	17	ashamed	surprised	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i was at the mall and i spilled my drink all over the my and i ate it.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am a a diet for my new job.. i am not i am not
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i am so glad i're making more money and their kids. people are eating.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i still have the best processor my dad gave me to when i i was my.
28	25	content	anticipating	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i don't have many friends anymore. i am having a with my family is so much, i have to a a and and and
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	when i was my my my's birthday. i i't have to i was a to to it was my friend to me.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband and i are been in the house for for.... i'm'm so happy with him but i'm in with him.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm so scared of heights, i it's like to see how much i'and i and i and i and i'm the the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i had to take my dog to the house the other day. i've been to to him and i'' t have to to i it to
1	25	afraid	anticipating	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	today i was watching the. i was so scared. the..... the people were there.. it was the the the......
28	4	content	terrified	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i don't have many friends anymore. i am having a with my family is so so i have to a a so i can get to go
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	yesterday i was my my my my i i i was't.. i was't have to i i i him.
3	4	faithful	terrified	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband and i are been in the of of.. we have been been for for for. we'' t have to so much.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm so scared of heights. i i'm scared to how to people i've been when i've been to to strike them and and.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i had to go my my dog to the the of my i was i was't have to go to i'm going to to him to
1	4	afraid	terrified	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	so i i. i live in the the. i. i've got a the the. it's a a a a.......
28	22	content	caring	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i don't have many friends anymore. i am having a with my family is so much, i have to a a and and and
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	yesterday i was my my my my friend's car. i was't. i was't to him to i was't.
3	22	faithful	caring	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband and i are been in a relationship with... i'm been in to with him and i am't to to to.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm so scared of getting in to. i'm scared to to my my. it's my and i'm to to.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i had to take my dog to the house the other day. i've been to i him so i'm t to to to to it!
1	22	afraid	caring	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	today i was at work... i was't like it the the. the. the was was a and and and and the and...
28	17	content	surprised	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i don't have many friends anymore. i am having a with my family is so so much i i have to for a a long time
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	yesterday i was my my my my i i was't. i. i was't have to i i was't.
3	17	faithful	surprised	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my husband and i are been in the of of.. we've been been to for for and and we's so much to i have for them.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm so scared of how things are so much. i'to be, and i'm afraid of the to and it's so. i feel like.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i had to take my dog to the house the other day. i've been so to i i't have to go to i it's a to
1	17	afraid	surprised	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	today. i was watching the the.. i was so.. i. i was a and and the the the the the. the was was..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my wife is on a trip last month. i am having her for this week. i am so bored will be all her out.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week i went to the store to buy a, i i was to to my and.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was pretty bad today when i took my my my i i i my my and i to to to.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so mad. i got got a a a on a trip and i was i was so. i i i was to do it!
28	25	content	anticipating	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have a great of that i i am in with my.. i have to to that i am't to to.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i found an old box of my my from my old high school, it brought back the same memories of them, and it!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	one i'm going to be a a in a.. i i'm a bit nervous and i'm to to to
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter is doing her best to put me through college on her own. she made me feel to and i.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so tired of hurricanes. i have i have i i i a a a a a a of the the
20	25	furious	anticipating	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went to to this but but my friend was not me. i was not to, but i to me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my wife is on a trip last month. i am optimistic that this will be me and i am not to for her
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week i went to the store to buy a, i i was to to the it was.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was embarrased when i got to to my my my's car to the the the.
6	4	angry	terrified	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so mad. i got got a a a scholarship for the. i i i i was i was i was i was
28	4	content	terrified	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have to make my problems. i am having to to my my. i am i am am not to to to to..
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i once my my first in a in class in the first time. i. i was i was i was a to to i i was so!
10	4	prepared	terrified	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	one time i've been a a lot of my and i i i'm a to to i'm to to to to.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter is doing her best to put me through college on her own. she made me feel to and i.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so tired that i have the money in the. i have to the a of in a few weeks
20	4	furious	terrified	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went to to the but, but i was to to my.. i't have to to it.
26	22	anxious	caring	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my exam is coming up next week. i have been my my for for so long. i am i will be it for it
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week i went to the store to buy a, i i was to to my it was me.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i felt pretty bad today because i took my of my i had to my my and and to go to.
6	22	angry	caring	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so mad. i got got a a scholarship from the class. i i i i was i was i was i was i was
28	22	content	caring	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have severe hopes for my my. i am i to to to to it. i am i am it will be good.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i found an old box of my my my my in my house, and it it brought back the old and and i!
10	22	prepared	caring	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	one i'm going to be a a.. i i i with my. i i'm to to to to.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter is doing her best to put me through college on her own. she made me feel to and i.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so tired of hurricanes. i i have i i i i have a a for for a rest of the
20	22	furious	caring	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went to to this morning, but my friend was me me. i didn't even get a note.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my exam is coming up next week. i have been my my for for for so long. i am i am ready for it
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week i went to the store to buy a, i i was to to my it was me.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was pretty bad today when i took my my my i i i my my and i to have to.
6	17	angry	surprised	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am so for a new job i i was i for. i was i was i i that i was not to!
28	17	content	surprised	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have to make my moneys. i i am having to to my my. i am i to to to to.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i found an old box of my my from my old high school, it brought back the same memories!
10	17	prepared	surprised	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	one i'm going to be a a.. i i i'm a to i'm to to to to to.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my daughter is doing her best to put me through college on her own. she made me feel to and i.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am so tired that i have the money i need. i i to to the to of the unknown
20	17	furious	surprised	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went to to buy my new, but i didn't have to it it on it. it was me.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my husband went out of town for a week for work and i i i i't get to go. i have to go.
20	25	furious	anticipating	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's always to to i i have a roof over my head. i'm to to it.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a a a trip with a girl i i. i. i'm been been a lot of it and i feel good about it
7	25	sad	anticipating	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm sad that i didn't get the promotion i i i i i i i i i i.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the first time i comes on vacation is very hopeless, the stock... the is is the and is not to and a a..
2	25	proud	anticipating	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so proud of my life. he is the the of of and and she's the best.
19	25	confident	anticipating	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was working and a guy that was me. the. the the the the was was.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i cant believe i have the kids i i i i i'' t to the the of the
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was waiting on my first to to get a on a test. i i didn't know what to do.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am going to be on my my girlfriend in a few weeks. i've never been so i am so.
28	25	content	anticipating	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i live at the the last night. i'm so much time i've been the the. i have to for the.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my husband went out of town for a week for work and i i i't get to i had to go to the doctor.
20	4	furious	terrified	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's been to to i have to have. i'm always to to with them.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a a a trip with a new worker. i had been been me. i'm going to be a
7	4	sad	terrified	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm sad that i didn't get the promotion i i i i i i i i i i.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the the the hurricane is in year year, tar in for the first time in. the wai to be. i've been to for for the
2	4	proud	terrified	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so proud of my daughters's. he's the to the the she is in the.
19	4	confident	terrified	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was working out and was not the the of the the. it was me feel like a was
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i dont know why i should take the of the maximum, i have't my my and the
19	4	confident	terrified	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was waiting on my test to to to my final exam. i studied all night and i i i't.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am going to be my my my my my boyfriend. i. i i't have to go.
28	4	content	terrified	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i live at the gym the.. i'm so happy that i've been in my for for for the rest of the day.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my husband went out of town for a week for work. i am i i and i to get it and i to get it.
20	22	furious	caring	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's really to to have i've been to my wife's's not a a feel bad about it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a a a a girl but a girl. i i't been to a long time to me.
7	22	sad	caring	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm sad that i didn't get the promotion i i i i i i i i i i i was.
27	22	hopeful	caring	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the first time i started working on and the stocking. it is the the si si - and and the is a a.. i've never seen anything like it before.
2	22	proud	caring	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so proud of my life. he's the to the the of and and the's the.
19	22	confident	caring	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was a a and a guy that was me. i was to the the the the it was.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i cant believe know how to start my and i i i will be my i'to go
19	22	confident	caring	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was waiting on my test results to come back. i. i was to get it on the results.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am going to be my my my my my my.. i am i to to my it is so..
28	22	content	caring	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i live at the the.. i'm so happy that i've been in my for and i'm..
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my husband went out of town for a week for work and i i i i for it and i i't get to go.
20	17	furious	surprised	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	it's been to to i i'm'm to to to to it's not to.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was a a a trip with a couple of days. i'm not to to it out of it's not to
7	17	sad	surprised	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm sad that i didn't get the promotion i i i i i i i i i was.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the the the hurricane is in gdp growth for the hurricane, and it is the the the the the the the the the the and the the.
2	17	proud	surprised	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm so proud of my daughters's. he's the to the the she is the the.
19	17	confident	surprised	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the other day i was working and a very nice person. it was me of, but i had to and it.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i dont know why i should take my of my, i i to to to my my
19	17	confident	surprised	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was waiting on my test results to come back. i. i was to get it in the class.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am going to be on my my on my own.. i's been me feel pretty bad about it.
28	17	content	surprised	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i get the the last night of year. i'm not to to my my and i'm.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can not want to go to my my my my friend..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i get sentimental about my family. i had to cancel.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was a little nervous when i was not able to get
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i love se in the the the the in the frames that i will
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i was at work when i i i to my my my wife.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my friend is getting chipotle me this year. always cutting me.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really to to go by the a of people.. it was me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am in with how things are going to the store i get
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt trusting when my brothers when my husband and i were younger
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i was not to a a friend my my friend my my car my my
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i let my guard down on my wife and it was me.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just had a new and and i have a in a.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have been been loyal to my wife and.. i feel.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son said his first word today. i was filled with pride.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset when i saw someone had put my my door
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am ok with my current for the the time this.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my girlfriend is a a girl. she is's going to be.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door
12	4	excited	terrified	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can not want to go on my my friends..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i felt this way after my my my my..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was a little sad when i didnt get to work on time
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i love seing the the in the the frames that i will
14	4	lonely	terrified	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i was at myself when i i to my my my wife cheated on me.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my friend is getting chipotle me the the the is is.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really to to eat by a movie by myself...
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am in with how things are in, i i to get
23	4	trusting	terrified	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt trusting when my brothers when my husband and i were younger
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i went to the park all by myself. it was quite depressing.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i felt really bad after a a gift with my friend from me
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i let my guard down on my wife's birthday.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just had a baby and i i have for her.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have been been slacking off at work today. it really makes me.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son said his first word today. i was filled with pride.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am pleased with my current job at the the..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my girlfriend is a a girl. she is's going to be.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door
12	22	excited	caring	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can not want to go on my my friend..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was a little when when i didnt get to leave work early
0	22	sentimental	caring	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i love seing the the in the the frames that i will
14	22	lonely	caring	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i was at work and i i my my my my my me.
12	22	excited	caring	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my friend is getting chipotle me me the the day.
29	22	impressed	caring	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really to to eat by a movie by myself..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am in awe with how i am in, i is
23	22	trusting	caring	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt trusting of my when when my brother was born.
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i was not to a a car with my my friend my my car
15	22	ashamed	caring	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i let my guard down on my wife's birthday.
29	22	impressed	caring	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just bought a new car. i have no one to be..
16	22	guilty	caring	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have been been at at work lately and my family.
2	22	proud	caring	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son said his first word today. i was filled with pride.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was upset when i saw someone had put my my door
5	22	joyful	caring	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am pleased with my current for this this year in the summer.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my girlfriend is a a girl. she is's going to be.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door
12	17	excited	surprised	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can not want to go to my my my my friend..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was a little when i didnt get to leave work early
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i love se in the the the of the frames that i will
14	17	lonely	surprised	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i was at work and i i my my my my my me.
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my friend is getting chipotle me this year. always cutting me.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was really to to eat by a movie by myself...
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am in with how things are going for, i am not
23	17	trusting	surprised	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i felt trusting when my my brother when he was my my birthday.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i went to the bowling alley all alone. it was quite depressing.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i felt really good to a friend of my my my my my dog
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i let my guard down on my wife and it was me.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my sister just bought a new house. i have no one to be.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have been been loyal to my wife... i feel so..
2	17	proud	surprised	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my son said his first word today. i was filled with pride.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am pleased with my current job at the the..
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my girlfriend is a a.. she is is going to be me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so tired of having to compete for my daughter's school. she cares about her step and to her to the best friend to her to the her. i the end i get the and and the the the the the.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm going to my my friend for for the first time in a few years. i'' t know how i'm going to do.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i recently moved my first home after having to her.. i've been in the house with her for a couple of days and i miss him so much and i just have to for him
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week i was to to update my cv. i i was so. i i i i i i my pants. i i i i i was so t get it..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a a of the in the.. the last year. it is the cities responsibility to go back to the. with the. the the the.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i felt this when my brother was the the of the.. she was a a and of her. she was me and and and me me the the.
12	25	excited	anticipating	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	one time i got my marks back from the test. i was to to it was a. i it was a. i it was it was a..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my friend used to be me me when i. i'' t't have to it. i'' t have to to it it out of it.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just got engaged. i'm so upset that i didn't get to go. it is a to to me.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so tired of having to compete for my daughter's school. she cares about her step and to her to the her to the her. i the the the the her the the the and day i was was the best i i that i could go back to me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm going to my my friend for for the first time in a few years. i'' t know how to do it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i just found out my my was in in my on my own.. it was me to to up, i i't get to my my in the the house!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week i i to an important bus today. i was so scared. i had to i was i and i i i was to to i was so. i felt so bad.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a a of the last month. i have been in the the with the.. it's a to the the the the the the the.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i felt this when my brother was born.... we had been been him for and we had a few years and.
12	4	excited	terrified	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last week i got to to my my my my my i was i. i was to to a a a. i was so. i felt so bad for it.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my friend gave me some advise that i had to... i'' t have to it it's not to that i'' t.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just got engaged. i'm so upset that i'' t have to to it.. i'' t have to..
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so tired of having to compete for my brother's birthday. he cares about to step to and my sister and her problems. i i it was the best i i that i had to go.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm going to my my girlfriend for for the first time. it's so to to i i'm t to it it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i recently moved my first home to visit my house. i have been for the first time in. my life. i i've been in to for years and i miss him so much!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week i i was to to a my my. i i was so. i i didn't get to i my contactss. i felt so bad. i was to to the..
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a a of the last month. i have been on the own. it's a to to the the of the and the the..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i felt this when my brother was the the of the.. she was a to be for me and and he was me to the the the
12	22	excited	caring	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last week i got to to my my my my my. i was. i was a to. i was to to it was a a..
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my friend gave me some advise that i had to.. i'' t have to it it's not to that i'' t know to to do.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just got engaged. i am so upset that he didn't have to go.. i i't to it.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am so tired of having to compete for my daughter's school. he cares about my step sister and her problems than i got him. i i wanted to do him in the end i wanted to do and my husband made me get the the the.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm taking my friend to confirm my house for the first time. i'm not to to't even to.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i recently moved my first home from college. my parents have been her for the.. i it is so my first and i i i i i i i i for them to
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week i was so much. i was to get a i was so. i was so i. i was my the and i i i was i was so..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a a of the last month. i have been in the the with the.. it's a to the the the the the the the.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i felt this when my brother was born... we had been been him for the.. he had a few years ago.
12	17	excited	surprised	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last week i i to to a my my my my brother. i was i was to go to a a. i was so. i was to to it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my friend used to be me me when i'' t t have to. i'm so to to him.'t have to do. i'm so.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my friend just got engaged. i'm so happy that i'' t have to to it.. i'' t have to it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was raped. i had to to a a a my my my my my a a.. i felt a bad
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm pretty with myself for the work work. i've been, but i'm to to now.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched the new movie the the other day. it was really hard on the. the the the the. it was.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i miss when my kids were little. they were to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and i am so so much.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i used to get the with my friend, but the other day i i didn't get to work.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a new bump in on my side. i have to to up. i'm's just now.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so sad when i got to a a my my.. i had to to and and it my my..
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i just a a that i used to be in the the and. i just got to to the the and.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm a bit unsure that i have to done. i i i to to to for me in case.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	in the of of the girls on my way to my home. i felt so ready to go out with
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my friend is going to a a.. i have been in her her and she's a a lot of time and the the.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i felt really good when i had to confront my girlfriend for for a.. i just didn't have to go
28	4	content	terrified	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm getting off of the and, but i'm not to, but i'm now.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched the new movie the other day. i was't like it in the. it was it was a.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i miss when my kids were little. they were to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and i am so so much.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i used to get the the the other day and i didn't get to my my.. i was't.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a new bump in on my side's house. i have to it up and it's a.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so sad when i got to a a a my my my.. i had to have a baby in my.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i once a a a, and i used to be the the the.. i i to to to it and the the
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm a bit unsure that i have never done on my own. i i have to to down.
1	4	afraid	terrified	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i in the of for my for for the first time in the middle of the day. i am not sure what to do.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my friend is going to a new.. i have been her her her. she's a a lot of and and the her.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was raped. i had to to a a a my my. i i my friend. i to have to to
28	22	content	caring	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm pretty with myself for the work. i'' t know, but it's to to me.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i just the the the the other day. it was so a. it was a a to it was it was a.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i miss when my kids were little. they were to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and i am so so much.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i get to go out my my friend's last night, but i didn't have to i it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a new bump in on my side's house. i keep up with my for a while.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so sad when i got to a a.. i had to go my my my my friends. it was a.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i once a a a, and i used to be the the the.. i i to to it and not the the.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm a bit uneasy about not having work done. i have to pay for a while. i i'm.
1	22	afraid	caring	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i in in front of my for the first time in the day. i i am not to, i i to to it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister is going to a new.. she's in the next week, she is a to and i'm so happy.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i felt really good when i had to put my on my.. i just had to have to be for a long time
28	17	content	surprised	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm pretty with myself for the work, but it's not to, but i'm to to it.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i watched the ufc fights last night. i was't like the the the the the. it was a.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i miss when my kids were little. they were to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and i am so so much.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i wanted to go to the the my my.. i didn't have to but it was the best..
24	17	disgusted	surprised	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there's a new bump in on my side's house. i've never done anything to it.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was so sad when i got to a my my last month. i had to to a a my of my.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i once a a,, and a and and i the to to the.. i i to to it and not the the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm a bit uneasy about not having work done. i i i've been in to with my own knees in my life.
1	17	afraid	surprised	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i in the of for my for for the first time in the day. i was i to go to to the it.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my sister is going to a hospital. i have been her her her. she's a a lot of and and the her.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i just a a new car for a and and it was really. i.... i it. it was so. i it it'me so..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so mad! i just get my my my my my my sister in law. i can't believe he did that!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i wanted to get a in a, but i have to not been the the,, but the the of the the and of the the the
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i walked in my my of my my of my old high school.... i had to and the the and and the the the of the the the the
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just had a new job and to get a new. i i was't have to go to i it. it was a to to.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when the the person who was the opposite people who wanted to do. my car. i had to to it was the to to it and it it..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i saw a man on my side of the road. the road. i was to to to i was to get it to.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was on my my my s house last night and my son was on a couch. the first. i had to to her to and it it all.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to the my my friend for the first time in a few days. i had to to to to to to to the to and it was the.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i got a call about a new ago and it was really well. it was me so. i was so to it it was it was it. it was it.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so mad! i just got my my my my my my my my my my my my my and my sister in law!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i wanted to get a but but i got a and, but the most of people..... the the and the the the the the the.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i walked in my my of my my of my old my on my on my own. i had to to up in and i had to in my pants
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just moved to a new city for work. i haven't been in a long, but i didn't get to i it.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when the person who was the opposite someone who said they would me to the the the other day. i was't the the and the to the.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i saw a lady of my my at the mall the other day. i was't believe it was my to the the the.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was on my first day of school with my daughter's school.. she was't have to and her and she it was me back.
12	4	excited	terrified	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to the my my friend for the first time in a few days. i had to to to to to to to the to and it was the.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i just a a new car for a and and it was really. i didn't have to it it it it. it it was just a me..
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so mad when i bossed my my on my own. i can't believe he will be so i!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i really wanted a chanel class, but i to the an old that my.. me to to. the the and. it is not to.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i walked in my my neighborhood of the rainstorm in my of my house my i had on the floor to my and and it it all.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just moved to a new city for work. i haven't been able to go, but i'm not to to to it..
23	22	trusting	caring	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when the person who was the opposite their person who was to to me me to get the the. i was to the the the the and. it was me to to.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i saw a co - my of my the other day. i i was't notice until i got home. i was
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was on my first day of school with my daughter's school.. she was't in her and and her mom was i had her to her.
12	22	excited	caring	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to the my my my friend for the first time in a few days. i had to to to to to to to the to and was ready for.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i just a a new car for a and and it was really. i didn't get it. it it made me feel it. it. it was me so.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i am so mad! i just got my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my and my car!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i wanted to get a but but i i got a, and, but the the of of of my and and of course and i got me.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i walked in my my neighborhood of the rainstorm in front of my house. i was to to the the the and and i had to in the back.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just had a new job and and i was i to get it to the. i i it. i i't know what i it.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when the person who was the opposite their person who was to to me the the. the store. i was to to and was not to to it to the.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i saw a lady on on my side of the road. i had to the my car. i i was to to it.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was on my first day of school with my of my old baby. i had been my of. i had to and i was so..
12	17	excited	surprised	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i went to the my my my for for for the first time in a few days. i had to to to and to get it to to me. i was to.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was excited when i was approved to leave work early
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	somes to wishing i get a promo at work
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog pooped on the rug yesterday.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i let my new teslasit our lawn.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mom took care of me my whole life.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt this way when i attended the world.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am very apprehensive these days.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been feeling really bad headaches lately
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am glad i survived the weekend.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am so for for the first time.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i finished high school i went to the
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm always to to the the of.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i always always stay with my parents are so
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my friends are to go out of town for the.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting my first date for my birthday.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am thankful for my job to return.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.
7	25	sad	anticipating	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the time i had to to my my dog to
12	4	excited	terrified	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was happy when i got to leave work early
27	4	hopeful	terrified	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	somes to wishing i get a promo at work
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i let my new teslasit our lawn.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mom took care of me my whole life.
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt this way when i was the the doctors.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am very apprehensive these days.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been feeling really bad headaches lately
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am sure that i will get my goals this year.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am so for for my final exam.
14	4	lonely	terrified	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i took the first i i had
26	4	anxious	terrified	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm always to be happier with the country.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day
3	4	faithful	terrified	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i always always stay with my parents are so
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my friends are to go all the the time.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am thankful for my job to return my new.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was scared walking home alone the other day
7	4	sad	terrified	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the time i had to to my my dog to sleep
12	22	excited	caring	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was excited when i got to leave work early
27	22	hopeful	caring	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	somes to wishing i get a promo at work
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog pooped on the rug today.
23	22	trusting	caring	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i let my new teslasit our lawn.
9	22	grateful	caring	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my cat ignores me of my grandmother on her own.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt this way when i attended the world.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am very apprehensive these days.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been feeling really bad headaches lately
9	22	grateful	caring	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am glad i survived the weekend.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am so for the first time my my birthday.
14	22	lonely	caring	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i took the first i i had
26	22	anxious	caring	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm always to to down the old family.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day
3	22	faithful	caring	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i always have no one with my my life
13	22	annoyed	caring	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my friends are to go all the the time.
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am thankful for my job to return my new.
1	22	afraid	caring	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i felt scared walking home alone the other day
7	22	sad	caring	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the time i had to my my dog to sleep
12	17	excited	surprised	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was excited when i was approved for the day
27	17	hopeful	surprised	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	somes to wishing i get a promo at work
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my dog pooped on the rug yesterday.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i loaned my new car from lawnmower.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my mom took care of me my whole life.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt this way when i was the the doctors.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am very apprehensive these days.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been feeling really bad headaches lately
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am glad i survived the weekend.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am so for for my birthday party.
14	17	lonely	surprised	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i finished high school i had to go
26	17	anxious	surprised	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm always to to be around the new.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day
3	17	faithful	surprised	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i always always stay with my husband no matter what
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my friends are to go all the the time.
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am thankful for my job to return.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.
7	17	sad	surprised	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the time i had to to my my dog
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	a girl tried to my my my my a a a a a friend of mine and i got a and and and and he is not not to me
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was once was a a and i had to to out. i was to to it was me to to me.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my brother was able to go my favorite school in year for the first time. he took it to the and and he he he he the in the of the
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my dog was running in the the other day and it was me to. i was to get. i was to to to get it to me!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in in my of my the other day and of my. my i me to to my my and to the the the the the.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	a girl just bought my my my my my my my my me. i was to to my my and and it was my to my it!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was at a party and i had to to a a.... i didn't realize it when someone else.
2	4	proud	terrified	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my brother was in a hospital for a week. he took his his test in the the. he did not know to to the the the the
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my dog was running on the road last night and i was to to to get to get. i was i to to to i was to get the and and
16	4	guilty	terrified	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in in my my of my the other day and i my my my my. my to me. i the to to me!
8	22	jealous	caring	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	a manager just bought my brand new car my my my my my my my my my my, and i my my is!!!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was at a party and i i to to to a a sandwich. it was me me and i it was me.
2	22	proud	caring	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my brother was in to the hospital for a few weeks ago. he took him in his car and and he his. i i him in the he he did not!
27	22	hopeful	caring	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my dog was home from high school. i was to go to, but i was to to him. i was i was to to him.
16	22	guilty	caring	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in in my my of my the other day and of my to my me. i my to to my to the the and the the
8	17	jealous	surprised	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	a girl just bought my my my my my my my my my me. i i had to to my my and and it was a to!!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was at a party and i was to to a a sandwich. it was me of when i was a kid.
2	17	proud	surprised	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my brother was in a hospital for a week. he took his his test in the the. he did not know to to the the the the the
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my dog was running on the road last night and i was to to get to get. i was i to get to i was to get the and and i was
16	17	guilty	surprised	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was in in my my the other day and my of my i walked in. my friend my i and my my and. i felt.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my friends bought a a large meal for my..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i do not want to go to school on my..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so glad i didn't go the weekend.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i found my friend and was into fist fight in the
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't i get what you?
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember when i was young. was less..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i saw this guy eat 3 bowls of my phco.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy my sister just got a new job
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my son just died and i had been for for years
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i always feel like when i think about the old.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i got an award for the of of work at work.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my boss bought me a diamond gift for my birthday.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at work
29	4	impressed	terrified	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my friends bought a a a for dinner.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i do not want to go to school on my..
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so glad i didn't go the weekend.
6	4	angry	terrified	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i found my friend and got into fist fight in the
8	4	jealous	terrified	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't i get what i is?
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember when i was president. the was.
29	4	impressed	terrified	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i saw this guy eat a 3 foot sub.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy my sister got a a new car
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door
31	4	devastated	terrified	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my son just died and i had for 10 years
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i feel like like i i think about my..
2	4	proud	terrified	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i got an award for an employee of the work.
12	4	excited	terrified	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my boss bought me a diamond gift for my birthday.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at work
29	22	impressed	caring	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my friends bought a a large meal for my..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i really do not want to go to school.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so glad i didn't go the weekend.
6	22	angry	caring	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i found my friend and got into fist fight in the
8	22	jealous	caring	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't i get what i you?
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember when i was president. it was like obama.
29	22	impressed	caring	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i saw this guy eat 3 bowls of my phco.
5	22	joyful	caring	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy my sister got a a new car
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door
31	22	devastated	caring	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my dog just died and i have been for 10 years
0	22	sentimental	caring	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i always feel like when i think about the old.
2	22	proud	caring	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i got an award for an employee of the work.
12	22	excited	caring	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my boss bought me a diamond gift for my birthday.
21	22	disappointed	caring	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at work
29	17	impressed	surprised	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my friends bought a a large meal for my..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i do not want to go to my my..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am so happy that i found out the the this weekend
6	17	angry	surprised	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i lost my friend and got a huge ride for his own
8	17	jealous	surprised	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't i get what you?
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember when i was young. was like obama..
29	17	impressed	surprised	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i saw this guy eat 3 bowls of my phco.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am so happy my sister got a a new job
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door
31	17	devastated	surprised	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i feel like like i i that i.
2	17	proud	surprised	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i got an award for an employee of the day.
12	17	excited	surprised	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my boss bought me a diamond gift for my birthday.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at work
28	25	content	anticipating	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i woke up this morning... was aing so much
2	25	proud	anticipating	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	so i was the the cavs ever ever the lakers
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i was really proud of my son. he worked so hard this year.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i saw my friend to pick me up from the..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the first time i went on a date was very awkward
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was irked when i saw my dog to the the the other day
14	25	lonely	anticipating	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just a a good feeling. i love watching on my own friends.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt confident when i lost my job job
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was upset when when i had to leave my dog on the
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a hair in my soup while eating at a..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so glad i can't the weekend.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i just found out i was was not. it was so bad.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's always good to be a a before.
28	4	content	terrified	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i woke up this morning... i was was my so much
2	4	proud	terrified	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was very happy when the cavst the cavs for the lakers
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i can't believe my ex was last night. i was so.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i saw my friend who come through my house.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the first time i went on a date and was very.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was irked when i saw my dog had gotten the the house
14	4	lonely	terrified	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just a a very nice place. it is no one of my
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt confident when i ace my my job interview for my current
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was pissed when when i saw someone put my dent in my car door
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a hair in my soup while eating at a..
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so sad that i can't win the election.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i just found out i was was speeding. it was so bad.
10	4	prepared	terrified	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's always to to be prepared at a big.
28	22	content	caring	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i woke up this morning. my was was my wife so much
2	22	proud	caring	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was very happy when the cavst win the cavs
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i felt really bad when my husband took his first steps.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i saw my boyfriend to pick me up from the.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the first time i went on a date and i was very.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was irked when i saw my dog had gotten the the house
14	22	lonely	caring	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i just a a very nice place. it is no one.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt confident when i lost my job job
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was irked when i saw my friend in a car door
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a hair in my soup while eating at work.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so sad that i can't win the election.
31	22	devastated	caring	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i just found out i was pregnant. i was so upset.
10	22	prepared	caring	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's always i i to go to a.
28	17	content	surprised	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i woke up this morning. my. i was it was
2	17	proud	surprised	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was very when when i came the cavs for the lakers
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i can i was believe my brother won his class last week.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i saw my boyfriend commenting on the other day and returned it.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the first time i went on a date was very awkward.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was irked when i saw my dog for the the the
14	17	lonely	surprised	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	it made a good that i have been so much in my life.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt confident when i ace my my job interview for my current
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was upset when when i had to leave my dog for the
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i found a hair in my soup while eating at work.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am so sad that i can't win the election.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i just found out i was was. i was so bad. it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's always i i to go to a.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	went to a trip to the beach last weekend. it was to to be. i was to to to it was the to to it was the. the was in the.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i lost my first painting last month. i have been on my own for a few years. i had been been weighing up for me. i it is a a first day i've been a to
28	25	content	anticipating	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	we just got a new house and and and and and we are to to the to and we are. i have to t get it all. it's not a good to be.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a a - worker of my me. i am not sure if i'm going to do. i i'm not to to to to.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	went to a party this weekend to a local house. a friend of mine was talking about their and. it was me me about it. it was it was a and and it it made me feel.
2	4	proud	terrified	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i lost my first painting last month. i have been on my own for a few years. i had been been weighing up for me. i it is a a first day i've been a to years and i just found out that my family!
28	4	content	terrified	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	we just moved out of my house a new house and we are in to to the house. we've got it and and it's not to to to to to it.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a co - worker of mine. i i am not sure if i'm going to do. i i'm not to to to to.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	went to a party this weekend. some friends were going to a a.. it it was me to. it was out of it was not it it it it was it was not a.
2	22	proud	caring	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i lost my first painting last month. i have been in my my for for for the first time in a few days. i have been in for the i have been able to get it all of my!
28	22	content	caring	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	we just got a new house and and and and and. we are to to the to and and the.. i'm not to it's not to to to be.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a a - worker of my me. i am not sure if i'm not to to to. i'm not to have to to..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	went to a trip to the park. the other day. it was been awhile since i had no. it was me up and it was me to and it all. i.
2	17	proud	surprised	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i lost my first painting last month. i have been in my my for for for the first time in a few years. i had been been weighing, me, i my my and and i and i'm so happy!
28	17	content	surprised	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	we recently moved a new house and our town and i and it's not to. we are't get it all. it has been a, and the the.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a a - worker of my. i i am not sure if i'm not to to to. i don't have to do.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i did not to to buy my car in the.. i ended up getting a a.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my coworker was going on the road trip. i was i to to it was a..
12	25	excited	anticipating	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i have to go to a new house in the of.. my friends are all of to be there.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i remember my mom to help me when my dad. he would me me me me me.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my daughter was playing a with a.. she was the the. she was it was a and she was
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i had to go to a conference and but i didn't know what i was.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	after taking my home to work the house, my friend got to a new house and my family.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my girlfriend had a huge out with her friends to me. it was me to to i i'm happy with.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a test test today. i am so nervous. i'm not sure it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i saw a shark on the the other day. i was so t believe how good i was going!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom left the the for the the for the first time today. i was my brother. i was so.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my daughter make the trash outside and the all the way..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	my wife left for the for the first time in the week. i am so bored being all by myself
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i miss my ex.. it's so much but i still have to t work out.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am proud of my girlfriend for a a new.. i's been a lot of time for me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm always to be so alone, but someone's to to me to get to.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am happy with my current job. i have been working for for, and and a good to me
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the weather is really bad. i'' t have to i. i feel a bit nervous.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i so i to see it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i remember my first time i was a and. it reminds me of how much we were the the.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had to take my my to my birthday party. i was a little. i felt so.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am very appreciative of my family, they are so nice to me and i me
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i went on a job interview last week. i had been prepared for the i was a.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my husband used to go out with friends. i. i'm not to to with him.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i recently a a new book.. it's been to be so i'm been to to it.
20	4	furious	terrified	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i did not to to go to in the my of. i got on a my hand.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my friends tried to go me a a at the. i was i was so to to it.
12	4	excited	terrified	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i have to go to a new house in the of.. my friends. i have been my for for for the
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i trusted my brother to help me when he was it. he he didnt have me.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my daughter got rot late on the last night she had to to to and we had to clean up it was
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i had to go to a conference, but i didn't know i i feel bad about it.
29	4	impressed	terrified	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	after taking my home to work the house, my friend got to me a new to my house.
2	4	proud	terrified	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my girlfriend had a huge out with me and she has me out. i was't have to go.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a test test today. i am so nervous. i'm not sure it.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i had a meal at the the other day. i was't believe it was the best i ever had!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom left the house for my the the other day. i was so. i was her to.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my my neighbors run over the street and.. is disturbing me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	my wife is on the for for the first time in.. i am i am going to miss her
26	4	anxious	terrified	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i miss my ex.. i'' t believe her. she is so she was going to me.
2	4	proud	terrified	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am proud of my girlfriend for graduating college school. it's been a lot of time!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm always to be so alone, but i have to stay home with me!
28	4	content	terrified	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am happy with my current job. i have been in for for and and my and and the
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the weather today is me. i'' t have to i. i feel a bit bad.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved. i had to go.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i remember my first and i was young and we were to play with their kids. they were so sweet.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had to take my my to my birthday party. i was a little. i felt so bad.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am appreciative of my family, they are so nice to me and get a
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i went on a job interview last week. i had been prepared for the i was a to.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my best friend to go out of town for me. i am't believe it will be alone.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i once was a a to. my my. on the.. it's so. i'm so to to it.
20	22	furious	caring	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i forgot to take my towel and to get into a sandwich. i was up in the the.
29	22	impressed	caring	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my coworker was in a work today. i was not so i was i to do it.
12	22	excited	caring	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i have to go to a new house in the of.. i have been my my for for for the
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i trusted my brother to help me when he was it. he he didn't have me.
24	22	disgusted	caring	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my daughter went on a honor roll last year. she was she was and she ended up having to
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i got to go to a conference, but i'm not sure if i should. it.
29	22	impressed	caring	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	after taking my home from work, my my to to to my a new to to my house.
2	22	proud	caring	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my girlfriend had a huge out with her friends and her friends. it was me to to i am so happy.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a test test today. i am so nervous. i'm not sure it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i saw a shark on the the other day. i was't believe it. i was so happy!
9	22	grateful	caring	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom left the house for my my the other day. i was so. i was her to.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my my neighbors play on autopilot. it is really loud.
26	22	anxious	caring	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	my final exam for statistics summer is in in in my.. i am going to miss him a lot
26	22	anxious	caring	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i miss my grandmother. i was so t. i'm going to ask her for a long.
2	22	proud	caring	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am proud of my girlfriend. i is in a a lot, i am am not and i will
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm always to be so alone, but i to to to my my's home
28	22	content	caring	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am happy with my current job. i have been working for for, but, and a good job
30	22	apprehensive	caring	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	my kids were me go out today. i don't know what i'm going to do.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved. i had to go.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i remember when my and my parents were they were to play and we were all together to play the house.
10	22	prepared	caring	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had to take my my license to get a.. i was so to to go.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am very appreciative of my family, they are so nice to me and i me
27	22	hopeful	caring	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i went on a job interview last week. i had been prepared for the i was i was.
29	22	impressed	caring	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my wife asked me to her her for the.. i feel so i that i will not to.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i just moved out of my i. i have been able to have my own my my.. i am so to..
20	17	furious	surprised	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i forgot to take my car to the the.. i ended up getting a a the the.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my coworker was going on the road. i was i was so scared to go it.
12	17	excited	surprised	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i have to go to a new house in the of.. my friends are all of to be there.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i trusted my brother to help me when he was it. he gave it and me me.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my daughter was playingtory on a a. she was a and she was to to and it was a!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i had to go to a conference, but i didn't know i feel very nervous.
29	17	impressed	surprised	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	going to my my house after the long time of, i got to to my with my.
2	17	proud	surprised	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my girlfriend had a huge out with her friends and her friends. i was't have to go.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a test test tomorrow. i am so nervous. i'm not sure that i'm.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i had a meal at the other day. i was't believe it. i was i was so!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my mom left the house for my for the first time.. i was so to see her.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i just my my neighbors run in arotle. it is s on edge.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	my wife left for the for the last last week... i am so am so bored and all the her
26	17	anxious	surprised	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i miss my ex.. i'' t believe he is going to he he he to do.
2	17	proud	surprised	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am proud of my girlfriend for graduating college. it's a a good, and i love!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm always to be so alone, but i have to stay home with me!
28	17	content	surprised	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am happy with my current job. i have been working for for, and and a good job
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	my kids were so big. i. i'' t believe it. i'm so..
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i i was so peeved.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i recently found my i was younger and my children were playing around with the.. it was such a good time.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had to take my my license to get a. i i was't have it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am appreciative of my family, they are so nice to me and get me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i went on a job interview last week. i felt really good. i i i got it.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my wife used to go with my friends for.. i'm not sure what to do.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	today i i my my is is a a..... i. i'm so to to it..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel so blessed to have a much to do... i i to be with me and and. i's a to me and i '.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was to to to my my my the other day. it it was me me of my it was a to to it it. it it was me.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a party that my best friend was throwing for a mutual friend of ours. she was me me and and i me. she was me and and i me me and i it. it was me feel.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at a store the other day and there was a giant cockroachs. i had to to to and and it it.......
7	25	sad	anticipating	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i hate being in in a rural room. they's always. they're so up and it's not to.........
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was at a store and and i was a the the of the, and there was a bunch of people that i had to. the the and and and it it to the..
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my kids are in school in a of adopting a...'s not to. i'm so to to it's not to feel about about it.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel so blessed to have a much. i i to to be with my... i. i't have to a long time to get back.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was to to to my my my the other day. it was me me of my i. it was a to to me. i it was a to to.
31	4	devastated	terrified	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a party that my best friend was throwing for a mutual friend of ours. she was me me and and i me. she was me and and i me me and i it. it was me me.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at the store and i was a a a. i saw the ball over and and. i had to and the and and. i was to to and it was.
7	4	sad	terrified	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i hate this girl in a on tinder and it is disturbing me of my.. they are't even anything to. it is so me to me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was at a store and and i was the the the of the the, i was the the the the. i had to the the and and and and the the the the and and i i had to. the the.
7	4	sad	terrified	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my kids are in school in a of... i'''m really i'm not to to about the..'s been a
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel so blessed to have a much more money than i. i i i to to a lot of i have to to for a long time.
13	22	annoyed	caring	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was to to my my the other day and it my to my.. it was it it was me to to. i it it's not to that i had to.
31	22	devastated	caring	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a party that my best friend was throwing for a mutual friend of ours. she was me me and and i was't i was't have to me. i was up with me and.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at a store and and there was a giant bang in the.. i i. i was to to the the and and i it. i was..
7	22	sad	caring	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i hate being in in my house. they're so much.'s so much. but i're - - and it's not to..
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was at a store and and i was the the the of the, the the the. i had to the the and and and and the the and and the the the the. the was was the. the was was the.
7	22	sad	caring	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my my year year old is getting a a i've been in for for and i. i am so to to it.. i feel like that.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i feel so blessed. i have to be a to.. i. i a lot of people that is not to and me. i i to to.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i was to to to my my the other day, but my friend was me me. it it was me me to i had to it up and it it was a..
31	17	devastated	surprised	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a party that my best friend was throwing for a mutual friend of ours. she was me me and and i me and she was and she was me me and i me. i was so.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was at the store and i saw a man of people that i used to be. i. i was to to and the and and it it....
7	17	sad	surprised	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i hate being in in a rural room. they're so up and the's not to...'s not to...'t understand the brevity of the situation.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was at a store and and i was a the the of the, and i was the to the. the. the person i was to, and and the the and and the the the.
7	17	sad	surprised	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my my year - old is getting married in a a.. i'' t know what's going to be i'm not to at all.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i felt all alone yesterday	i felt all alone yesterday
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i fell bad about myself	i fell bad about myself
14	4	lonely	terrified	i felt all alone yesterday	i felt all alone yesterday
16	4	guilty	terrified	i fell bad about myself	i was disappointed at myself
14	22	lonely	caring	i felt all alone yesterday	i felt all alone yesterday
16	22	guilty	caring	i fell bad about myself	i was disappointed at myself
14	17	lonely	surprised	i felt all alone yesterday	i felt all alone yesterday
16	17	guilty	surprised	i fell bad about myself	i fell bad about myself
23	25	trusting	anticipating	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my husband was out of town with me for a week.. i'' t have to i'm t to to.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend left out of with my for for the first time in the middle of the.. i am not that i can do it all.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way the major parties are behaving toward each other is so hopeless picture to imagine. so much for the to's political discourse
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was a little scared for the last my my.. i in the of the the.. i i up in the
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was raped and i got a new job. i had to to be my and my and. to get to the the.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when in the house, i was my my my i was i was i was. i was to to my my to to me.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i tried a form from my my from my.. i have to for it but i i it is my i am not to.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in in week. we are to to and and and and and to the to the the.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so sad when i couldn't get my my my my.. she was me so i i him so much.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just got a a a of of a month. i have been working on my diet and it. i am a to to it.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out that my friend had had been in to get me. i was i was i to get it to get!
23	4	trusting	terrified	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my husband was't invite my girlfriend in her years. she is't have to me. i am so to her.
7	4	sad	terrified	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend left out of with my for for the first time of the time. i think i could not to it to do that.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way the major parties are behaving toward each other is so hopeless picture to imagine. so much for the to the's political discourse
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was a little nervous when driving on the road. the.. i got to the my of and and it
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was raped and i got a new job. i had to to be my my and and.. to get the.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	in the, when i was my my my my i was i was i was i was i was i was i was i was a to.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i tried a form from my rental. my my my to. i i to to to to to to it in my life.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in in week, we have to to to the it to the to the.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so sad when i couldn't get my my my my my... she had so much to me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just got a a of of cookies for a a.. i i i to have a my my my my.. i am so.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out that my friend had been in my car for the first time. i i't know what to do
23	22	trusting	caring	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my girlfriend was supposed to be out with her. she is. she is't have to she's going to do.
7	22	sad	caring	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend left out of with my for for the first time of the time. i think i could not to to it to the..
21	22	disappointed	caring	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way the major parties are behaving toward each other is so hopeless picture to imagine. so much for the to make a owners.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was a little nervous on the road. when i came out of my car. my car was to my my and.
9	22	grateful	caring	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was raped and i got a new job. i had to to be, but my family has been me me to for me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when was in school, my mom was me me i was i was i was i was i was i was a a a and i was was not.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i tried a form from my rental class on my own. i i to to my i. i to to it and it.
26	22	anxious	caring	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in in week. we are to to and and and and and to get to.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so sad when i couldn't get my my my my.. she was me so i.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just got a a a of of a month ago. i have been for for the whole for my.. i am so to to it.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out that my friend had been able to get me. i was i was i to get it to my i was
23	17	trusting	surprised	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my husband was out of town for a month. she has been been me. i'' t have to her with her.
7	17	sad	surprised	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my girlfriend left out of with my for for the first time of the time. i think i could not to him. i am not to him.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way the major parties are behaving toward each other is so hopeless picture to imagine. so much for the country's political discourse
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was driving a a for a week at work. i took the of the i and my pants had to in my pants
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was raped and i was told that i would be able to get a new house. my life is in the right now.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when was in high,, my was was me me. i was i was i was i was i was i was a to. i felt so.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i tried a form from my rental class at the end of the week. i am not to but i i have to share it.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	my husband and i are going a new house. we are all the the we are in and out of the house and the the the the.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was so sad when i was fired. i. i't have to my with my my my friends.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just a a a of jelly for for a work.. i am i i my with my my. i am so to..
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i just found out that my friend had been in a for a. i was i i was't get to him!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my my back
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	came home to find my leftovers gone	went to to my with my friends
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am going to kill taylor swift.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i used to play football in high school	i used to go in the my in my my
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was lebron james.	i wish i was tallwayne johnson.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i broke my phone and broke it.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son just started walking this week.	my son just started walking this week.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	we to flowers for my my clothes
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my mother passed away. i felt so.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like person who are honestly with me	i like being around people are honestly around me
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat vomited on my rug today	my cat vomited on my rug today
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am happy the the the the.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	looking through my old yearbook the other day	looking through my old yearbook the other day
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am sad i survived the weekend.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust president trump all the way.	i love the trump will win reelection.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got caught cheating on my math test
14	4	lonely	terrified	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my my back!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	came home to find my leftovers gone	went to to my my my my my
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am going to kill taylor.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i used to play football in high school	i used to go to the my my my my my
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was lebron james.	i wish i was tallwayne johnson.
6	4	angry	terrified	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i broke my laptop and broke it.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son just started walking this week.	my son just started walking this week.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	im up with lunch for lunch
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my grandmother passed away i felt so alone.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like person who are honestly with me	i like being people who are honestly with me
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat vomited on my rug today	my cat vomited on my rug today
12	4	excited	terrified	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am happy the democrats in the world.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	looking through my old yearbook the other day	looking through my old yearbook the other day
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am happy i survived the weekend.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust president trump all the way.	i love the trump will win reelection.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got caught cheating on my girlfriend
14	22	lonely	caring	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my my my my
21	22	disappointed	caring	came home to find my leftovers gone	went to to my my my my my
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am going to kill taylor.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i used to play football in high school	i used to go to the my my my my first time
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was lebron james.	i wish i was tallwayne johnson.
6	22	angry	caring	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i broke my phone screen.
2	22	proud	caring	my son just started walking this week.	my son just started walking this week.
0	22	sentimental	caring	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i paid off from my new
31	22	devastated	caring	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my mother passed away. i felt so.
23	22	trusting	caring	i like person who are honestly with me	i always like people and are honestly with me
6	22	angry	caring	my cat vomited on my rug today	my cat vomited on my rug today
12	22	excited	caring	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am happy the the the the.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	looking through my old yearbook the other day	looking through my old yearbook the other day
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am happy i survived the weekend.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust president trump all the way.	i love my trump every night.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got caught cheating on my girlfriend
14	17	lonely	surprised	i wish i had my mother back!	i wish i had my my my my
21	17	disappointed	surprised	came home to find my leftovers gone	went to to my my my my
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am going to my taylor swift.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i used to play football in high school	i used to go in my my in the the
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was lebron james.	i wish i was batman.
6	17	angry	surprised	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i broke my phone screen.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son just started walking this week.	my son just started walking this week.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	im up with lunch for lunch
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my grandmother passed away i felt so alone.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like person who are honestly with me	i like being around people are honestly around me
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat vomited on my rug today	my cat vomited on my rug today
12	17	excited	surprised	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am scared the democrats the the world.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	looking through my old yearbook the other day	looking through my old yearbook the other day
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am so i survived the weekend.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust president trump all the way.	i love my trump every night.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got caught cheating on my math test
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend at her mom's house. while she was sleeping the ended up having sex with her mom.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my best friend and roommate and i divorced, i'm so so much, i'm so
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my sister passed away last month. it was me to to. i had to to it was me. i was up having to.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	when i was younger, i was to to to. it was always been me..
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	the people of people are in in the.. i i't to to to the the.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i don't have my laundry anymore. i am having to so i'm doomed to do.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was talking to a coworker, but i was not to to i was to go.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am in a chilling for of my.. i am to to with it.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my mom was not to, i i wanted to to. i was to to him.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i see a little on myeral on the way i i. i feel like i i feel like to a on my own.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have to put a money on my my. i i am i to to it..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i forgot to pay my towel and and the the of of the of the of the
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was driving on my friend the other day and my car came out to me. i was so.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend at her mom's house. while she was sleeping the other fell on the
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my best friend and roommate died died, and i'm so sad, i'm not to him
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my brother was working on a trip last night. she was me me and i me. i was to to to me.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember when i was young. they were to make it to the.. it was a.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	the way people are in the world, i think't imagine how much of my in in the world.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i don't have my laundry anymore. i'm on my own. i feel't.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was supposed to buy a new car, and my friend didn't even get a note.
28	4	content	terrified	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am having some some moneys for for a.. i am satisfied with my...
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my mom wanted to get me i i i was not to, i i to to him.
8	4	jealous	terrified	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i see a little on myeral on the way i i. i i i to to it on my own
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have to put a money on a my friend. i am i to do it..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i forgot to my my towel and did not pay the the of of the of my
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was driving on my car and my car came out of me. i was in the car.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend at her mom's house. while she was sleeping i ended up having sex with her mom.
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my little brother just left me and and i can't believe it's so much!
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my sister passed away last month. it was me. i have to to it. it was a of me.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember when i was younger. they were to go to the the. it was such a good time.
24	22	disgusted	caring	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	the people of people are always in, i i the the. it is my favorite. to see the movies
16	22	guilty	caring	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i don't have my laundry my girlfriends anywhere. i'm so to to it.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was given a from from my friend and i told him not to get it. i was not.
28	22	content	caring	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am having some some problemss for for my.. i am i i am up with..
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my mom was born, i wanted to get him. i was not to to to to him.
8	22	jealous	caring	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i see a little on my own. i i feel like i betrayed... it is not to and not to
10	22	prepared	caring	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have to put a money on my my. i am i am i am it...
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i forgot to my my towel and and to to in the of, i had in the
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was driving through my waters and my car stalled out. i was was in and i was.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend at her mom's house. while she was sleeping i ended up having sex with her mom.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my wife and i divorced, i are just so, i i'm so sad that he is s
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my dad passed away last month. i was him to he took him to he he he to of it.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i remember when i was young. they were to make it to the.. it was me.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	the way people are in the world, i think't imagine how much of my in in the world.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i don't have my laundry anymore. i am '. i am't have to.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was talking to a coworker, but i was not to to i was i was.
28	17	content	surprised	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am having some some problemss for for my.. i am i i i is..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my mom was born, i couldnt leave him for a long time i i to to.
8	17	jealous	surprised	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i see a little on myeral on the way i i. i i i to to it on my own
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have to put a money on my my. i am i to do it..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i forgot to my my towel and did not pay in in the of of my of my
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was driving on my car and and found a hair in my car. i was so angry.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i wanted to go to acamp. i am not sure if it. i i't, but i don't want to go it.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i wanted to go to my but i i was not sure if.. i i't t have to i it, but i'm not sure if i should.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i wanted to get my but i i am not to, but i am not to i i i't get to i it.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i wanted to get my job but i i i not sure if i should. i, but i didn't know what i'm going to do.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have been to to and we we haven't seen a long time. it's a to to see a a, but the end i decided to get and and and i it to the the the the.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have been to to for a and we had a a a and we we had a really good time and we we have to wait a week for the first time. i i't wait to see them..
10	22	prepared	caring	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have been to to and we we haven't seen a long time. it was a to be able to see him. but in a end i decided that it was better than being unemployed, so i went for it. i won over the recruiter in the phone interview, and was hired the same day!
10	17	prepared	surprised	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have been really good, and we had to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	it was a bad when my dad told me not to do. i was i was i was to to my it was my i was i to do it my my and my it was me me to my my
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my best friend and i are celebrating. i have been t know what. i. i'm so to to him and i't to to i have to to.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm so glad to hear back from my family when i was a kid with my parents. my husband's house to me and and i'm so to to him and i's so to
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	it was my birthday when i was a my my my my i wanted to my my my my my me. i was to i was to get. i was to to my friend to me to get it!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my best friend and i are going to couples counseling. i am so bored and not having him.. but i i have to and and i i i to to and i.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm so happy to have the family i i i i my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my it's a to to me and i it's so hard to see!
21	22	disappointed	caring	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	it was my birthday but i was told my friend would be me for a party. i was i was i was i to to him. i was so i to get him in the my room and the car was
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my best friend and i are celebrating. i'm t have to go to the with him. i i. i i'm to to to to to that i.
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm so glad to have my family to the when i was a kid. it's my first day of my life. i was a lot of my life.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	it was my birthday but when i was a my my my my i my friend. i was to get. i was so to i i i was so i i my friend for me and my my was so me!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my husband and i are really good. i have't know what to do. but i i't to to i'm not to to to about how much i have.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm so glad to hear back from my family and i had to to my my my my my my my my to me and my my.. it was so me so i'm so to to him.
6	25	angry	anticipating	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	all of my friends have out of their house in front of my of of their house........
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my husband and i had a poker argument this weekend and i have to spend a lot of time apart. i i i't know what to do
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i took some money from my a few days ago. the other day. it had been awhile since i had been out of it
28	25	content	anticipating	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	on my first day i was going to a a.. was a to to me to to. it was a to to me to.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i got hit on on my girlfriend the other day. i was not to, but i i was to to
20	25	furious	anticipating	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	i was at my house in the of. i was so.. i. i was so t and i i so much.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	when i was younger, i used to be scared of people.. it would be me, and and you to see what the world
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i work in a rural area, i have to be in the the and. i to to to and the the.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i woke up in the the the night. the other day. i was to to my i. i to to to it and it
6	4	angry	terrified	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	all of my friends have out of their house in the of of my... all of the out of the.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my wife and i had a lot of money and i. i i i't have to go to the the of the i have to
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i took some money from my for a few days. the the.. i i. i i it to the it in the front of
28	4	content	terrified	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	back in my school i had to be able to go my my... was a to to me. i was to to a a.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i got hit on on my girlfriend the other day. i was not to, but i i didn't get to
20	4	furious	terrified	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	i was at my my my my's car. i i was to to it. i i it was it. i am so.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i remember when i was younger, they would be to to see the the the, but the people are so and i me so
14	4	lonely	terrified	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i work with a girl, and i the the the day i i to to to to to to to to i get to.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i woke up in the the the night. the other day. i was to to my i. i to to it and it it
6	22	angry	caring	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	all of my friends have out of their house in front of my of of their house... i am the of of people.
31	22	devastated	caring	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my wife and i had a a argument with my. i i't have to get it out of the i i i to get it and not to
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i took some money from my my in. the other.... i i to to it and it it all my my.
28	22	content	caring	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	back in school, i had to to a my my my.. was a to. i was to to it was a was a.
16	22	guilty	caring	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i got hit on on my last the other day. i felt so bad because i knew that i was not to
20	22	furious	caring	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	yesterday, my my at the house was at the.. i was't. i was so. i i was't have it.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i remember when i was younger and they used to be to be when they were younger. they were to go and then
14	22	lonely	caring	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i work with work, and i my my, i i to to my to to to to i to to to i get home.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i woke up in the the the night when the cashier was me me. i i to to it and it was me
6	17	angry	surprised	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	all of my friends in the - - - my house to to.. i's in to to up on the.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my wife and i had a a argument at the. i have been, i i't know what i't have to
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i took some money from my for a few days. the other... i're going to the it with the
28	17	content	surprised	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	on my first day i was able to accomplish with my my. i was to to my it was a to to my a..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i got hit on on my last the other day. i felt so bad because i knew that i was going to do
20	17	furious	surprised	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	yesterday, my husband was the the of of mypants. i was so.. i was so t and i was so..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i remember when i was younger, they would be to to see people with their friends and they were so and and i just get to the the
14	17	lonely	surprised	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i work with my friends and i i the the the the the. i i to to i to to to i to go.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i woke up in the the the other day. i was was. i i was to to it was i i i i was in
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently started dating when i was younger and my parents got me to get.. i was it was the. i had to and it was so. i was to to it was
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently started my job and was very happy and i went to the the with my.. i had to to and it was so. i was to to it was the..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently started my job and was very happy and i was the.. the the.. i was to to the the. i was to the the. i was was the..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently moved to and i was younger and my friend was able to get the the the.. i was to the the the. was so. i was to to me.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am getting married for the job i i i i i that i would not get the i i to do. i i i i my best. i am so happy.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	every time i have to pay for my, i know my parents is be on the... i have to to them to....
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my mom left me my first car i was i was.. i was't have to i was it was a to to i it was i was.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was on my last last week and i was in an accident. i was so t. i was to to the the. i i i to to me and i me.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was not to to the the last of the.. i didn't know what to do, but my family has been been me. i i't have to.
19	4	confident	terrified	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am feeling uncomfortable for my job.. i i didn't get to the the of the i i i i i i i i i i i i i i'm to to to get it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	every time i have to pay for my, i i to to to my on my own.. is not to.........
9	4	grateful	terrified	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my mom left me my my i was i was.. i was't have to to him. i was to to him to get it.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was watching my high school last year. i was really to to and i't get to the the.. i was the the i was the. i i i was to and i i was was so..
16	4	guilty	terrified	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was not to to the the last night and i didn't know how to the it. it was. i didn't know what to do. so i'm t to to.
19	22	confident	caring	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am getting married next week. i am i that i that i will not get a good job i i to do my best to i am i am..
8	22	jealous	caring	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	everytime i see my wife i get a of my that my fiance is on the.. i have to that he is more than more than i i..
9	22	grateful	caring	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my mom left me my my i was i was... i was't have to i was i was to to him to get it.
2	22	proud	caring	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was watching my last semester of high i was really well. i i my license and and to get. i i to to do the in the classroom and get it all.
16	22	guilty	caring	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was really to to the the and i didn't know any of my.. it's so to, but i'' t know how to do it.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am feeling for my job interview today. i just didn't know what the money. i i i i i the the to the the the the.
8	17	jealous	surprised	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	everytime i am not my wife, i to to my..... i have to be. i the to the the the the..
9	17	grateful	surprised	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	when my mom left me for my birthday and i was i was i was. i was so happy. i was to to her and i was. to get.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was watching my high school last year. i was really to to and i't get to the the.. i was the the i was the and i i was was the..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was not to to the the last night and i didn't know how to the it. it was so. i didn't have to get it all.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm not a alcoholic but i'm not i'm scared to vibe up with i i'i'm i feel like i've been more self - discipline than most of my friends.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i've been so many blessings lately i i'm so i'm to to to to to. i i i i i i i'm to to to with my. i i i feel like i'm
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm not a alcoholic but i'm not so much. i i. i. i i'm to to with my i i've been to to my.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm not a alcoholic but i'm not so much. i i. i. i i'm to to with my i i've been to to my..
12	25	excited	anticipating	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i usually my my with my my my my and and the the of of them and it is not to, but i i'' t get it it's not to
12	4	excited	terrified	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i usually spend saturdays with my parents since my fiance works most saturdays. football season is coming up and my parents always get season tickets to the football games on saturdays. it is really good to stink not having anything to do that.
12	22	excited	caring	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i love my my with my kids the other day and he is the to the he is, but i he is to to me and i i i i i i to to him!
12	17	excited	surprised	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i usually my my with my my my and and and the most of them and and it's not to, but i i it is not to, but i to them.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've been trying to my my my my my my my my is on her own. it is s a to...'s so to to me about how she's it is on me....'s been to me and i'm t.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've been trying to my my my my my my my friend is on a while. she is out of town, she is so me and how to she is so she's so to me. she's so much.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've been trying to my my my my my my my is on a while. it is out of. it's not to to how to she is on it. she is s a to and i'm t.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i've been trying to my my my my house for a couple of days. it's a of my. she's about to me and and it's not to to to to......
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i got a gift from my friend and it was
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend wanted to borrow money
10	25	prepared	anticipating	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	so confident about the good days.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son took his first steps.	my son took his first steps.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i looked through an old photo album	i looked through an old photo album
14	25	lonely	anticipating	me and my girlfriend broke up.	me and my girlfriend broke up with me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone hit my car yesterday.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss my times in college.	i miss my father in college.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i got a scholarship for college.	i got a scholarship for college.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i got a haircut and my my dog was stolen.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend wanted to borrow money
10	4	prepared	terrified	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	so confident about the good days.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son took his first steps.	my son took his first steps.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i looked through an old photo album	i stayed in through an old photo album
14	4	lonely	terrified	me and my girlfriend broke up.	me and my girlfriend broke up today.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone hit my car yesterday.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss my times in college.	i miss my father in college.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i got a scholarship for college.	i got a scholarship for college.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i got a hair in my car and i lost it
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend lied to me
10	22	prepared	caring	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	so confident about the good days
2	22	proud	caring	my son took his first steps.	my son took his first steps.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i looked through an old photo album	i looked through an old photo album
14	22	lonely	caring	me and my girlfriend broke up.	me and my girlfriend broke up today.
20	22	furious	caring	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone stole into my car.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss my times in college.	i miss my father in college.
5	22	joyful	caring	i got a scholarship for college.	i got a scholarship for college.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i got a hair in my car and it was
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my friend lied to me
10	17	prepared	surprised	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	so confident about the good my days.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son took his first steps.	my son took his first steps.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i looked through an old photo album	i looked through an old photo album
14	17	lonely	surprised	me and my girlfriend broke up.	me and my girlfriend broke up today.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone hit my car yesterday.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss my times in college.	i miss my father in college.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i got a scholarship for college.	i got a scholarship for college.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i got my my first job was was. i was i was i. i was to. i was so. i i i was a to, and i was so.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was a kid, i was myhort -gn for my.. i my brother and i me me, i i me and i me and i i me to i to to i was't
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i got my my my my was i was i was i. i was to. i was to. i was so i. i was i was i was a to and i was so. i was so.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was a kid, i was on my of my i would be my my my my my my.. i was to to my i would get to my my and i was to to my a to.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i got my my first computer, i was was so excited. i was my brother would be me, i i me. i i was so. i felt like i was i was to to and i was so.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was a kid, i was myhort - money from my i was i. i i to to him in my life. i felt i i i was't i have to to
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i got my my first job was was. i was i was i was i. i was so. i was to do my i was i was i to. i was so..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was younger, i was on my own and my my my my.. i was to to my my i would get to my i was't have to me!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	a guy pulled out in in front of me, and it was me to to. i had to to to the the to get it.. i was to to the the to get it.. i was to to i was..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	someone asked me to go out of town with a friends to a new house. i was't, but i was to to the the of the. it was a and i i it was me to and i i to to and it was me and and i me.
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	a guy pulled out in in front of me, and i was to the the the.. i was to the the the the.. i was to to i was to to i was to. i was to to and to be able to see me. i was to to him.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	someone asked me to go out of town with a friends to a new house. i was't, but i was to to the the of the. it was a and i i it was me to. i had to to and and i it...
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	it was a to to to work with some of my coworkers of mine. my my my my my my my my my my my my my.. i me to to my my it was a to to my and it it's a to
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	it was a to to to of my area of my apartment. with my boss to my my.. my boss to me to to my with my and and to the my in front my house.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	it was a to to to have some food - in - my - i walked in. my house my my my my my my my my my my my.. i me to to my my my it was me to to my my!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	it was a to to to have some food for my in my of my my my my my my my my my my my my my.. i me to to my it's a to of my!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i saw a man beating a dog and i i't really.. i was so bad it was so bad to i it and it it it. i didn't. i feel bad about it.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i saw a man beating a my of my i i i was't. it. i didn't know it i it was it out. i was so..
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i saw a man beating a dog that i was't. i i was't. i i didn't know it i it was it. i i was't.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i saw a man beating a dog and i i't believe it. i was so upset. i didn't know it i it was it out.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was walking in the park with a a of of mine. i was to to. i was to to the to and and it was my in the front of.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at the beach the other day and i had to get to the the the. the the. the was was the the the the the the and and it was me. i was it was
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had to go to a a for a few weeks. the the my family. i had been awhile i had a to of it to me. i it's been a for me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	the other day i was was was was running with my. my my my my my my my my my. my friend offered to get my car my car. i to the the to the the.. i was to to the..
20	4	furious	terrified	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was walking to a a on the road of the.. i was to to i was to to the to. i i to to to me to.
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at the beach and i had to get a new.. i was to to the the the the the the the the the the. the the the the the.. the the. i was to the the.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had to go to a a house for a. my compensation was to the the of the the. my.. i had to to the the and and it it all over the.. i was the.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week i was was the the of my my my my my my my. my brother was to get me to the the the. i was i was to the the of the. i i was to i was to to him. i felt like he had the right back to me.
20	22	furious	caring	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was walking in a hostel on a street and the other day. i was on the bus. i was to to the the to. i to to to.
19	22	confident	caring	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at the beach and i had to get a new.. i was to to the the the the the the the the the. the the, the the the the was was a. i was i was it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had to go to a a for a few weeks. my my my teammates on the bus. the first was going to. i had to to the the of the. it was me to.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week, i was to the my of my my my my my my my. i was to go to the my with my brother. i was to the the of the. i i was to i was to to him. i felt like he had the right back to me.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was walking in the middle of a a a few weeks ago. i was to to a a i was to to the the.. i was to to it was.
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was at the beach and i had to get a new.. the the the the. the the the. the the the the the the the the the the. the the was was a. i was to to and i was.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had to go to the a house for a few weeks. it was my first day of the house. i had to to of the to to the to the to the. the of the.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	last week i was was was my my my my my my my my my my. my car. my car was the to the the the the the.. i was to the the of the. i was i was i was a to. i was.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i think my brother is going to be a to be to her for adoption. he is a a a and and i '. i'm so happy that she she's going to me.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	when i was a teenager i i to to to my my my my my my my me. i was't i was i to to me my i was to to to a a.. i felt so.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was younger, i was in the of of the the. in the.. i was to my my i was to go to a my and. my friend was me to me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been been with mary for my two months.. i have been on the east coast. it's a to of time to me to. my family. i have no one to talk to with them.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i i had my best friend to get me to be over the weekend. but i'' t have to to for a long. it it's a to to that i'' t work out of it.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	when i got a to i was to to my my my my my my my me. i was to to i was to to i was to to i to to to it was i had to to to me. i felt like i.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was younger i was scared of the the.. i was to to my my my my to go on, and my in my my and and the the..
7	4	sad	terrified	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been been with my flare up for my long time. i have to to my my with. i my family to the the of the house. i my family is i. i am so alone and.
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i think my brother is going to be a to be to her to to.. she is so a lot and and and. i i't have to go her to she is. she is and me and me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	when i i had to go out of my i was i was my my my my. my brother. i to go me. i i't have to i to go to i was i was a to to i was to get.
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was younger, i was to to to my my. my my was in the to my my.. i was to to my my my it was a to.. i was to.
7	22	sad	caring	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been traveling for for over two months now. i have a baby, and my family has been on my.. i the the the of the it. it is my first and i have no one to talk to with them.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i think my brother is going to be a to be to her to to. she is going to be me for a while. and she's a a good she is't been able to do.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	when i i was working out of town i had to go my my my my my my my my. i was't have to i was i was to to my i to to. i was to to.
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was younger, i was in the of of the the of my i was in. i was to my my my my to to me to to. i was to.
7	17	sad	surprised	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been been with my flare up for my long time. i have to to a lot of money apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my boss wants to go me to i was not for a to get. i was i to go to to the with him. i was to to him, but i was to to him. i felt like he had a in the..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my partner did not get well at work for a.. i was i was i was i was i was a to to him to i was to go to the doctor to take him to the i was i to him.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my partner did not not well at work for my.. i was i was so upset because i was to to her to the it to the him. i was i to to him.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my partner did not get to go to school. i was to go to a a. i was so. i was to to him to i was to to him to get him to. he was the.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my cat year old school last year. she was't have to to up to the... a few days ago and it was a of the the the the the the the the.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i got a dog a new house the other day. the first time he started to to with the. the the the she is the the she she is so she and she me and me. i me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my cat year old school last year. she was't have to to up to the... the the the. was a. the the the the the the the the. and the the the the.
6	4	angry	terrified	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i got a dog of the road of our new car.. my friend got to the the the and and the the. the the the. the the the the. the the the.. the the.. the the.. the the.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my cat year old school school..... i'' t believe him to the the to the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the. the the. the same.. i was to.
6	22	angry	caring	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i got a dog of a new the other day. the day. he was to to the the to the the the the the the. the the the the. the the the.. the the.. the the.. the the..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my cat year last year... was a to the the the other day. the other. the was was the the the the to the the the the the the the the the.. the the the and. i was the and i was was a..
6	17	angry	surprised	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i got a dog a new house the other day. it was the the the the the the the her her. the the the the the the the the the the. the the the the.. the the the.. the the to me to get to.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son always to be to when i was to to. i i was so. i was to to him to i was to to him to i was't know what to do. i was so upset.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son said to go me the other day. i'm t believe how much i was.. i i i i i i i i i i i i i i was to to him when i was a kid.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son always thinks to me when i was to to. i i't to him to i was't. i i to to him. i i was't know what to do.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my son said to go me the other day. i was't believe him. i was't, but i i was to to him. i i i i him to i felt like he did.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was younger, i was in love with a deeply of people who. the most of. she lives in the of the she she she lives in the of a mansion and she she she she she she she and i and i i wish i could see him.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was younger, i was in of of people,, i had to most of the... my friend was to the and and with us and the us and the the the the. she was the and and and me and me.
31	22	devastated	caring	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was younger, i was younger of deeply in the of of people who. she lives in the a few years and she had a been the for for us. she was me me for the and and she me and me and when i came back, she had me back to my i was to go with me and
31	17	devastated	surprised	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was younger, i was younger of deeply, people who to me. my.. my parents always get the the the the the the the and and the the and and the the and. i and my parents and me to.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am jealous of my cow of my co - worker, not me.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my daughter is getting married. all the kids kids are school
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my son has to stay with me.. i'm so to.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am a little i i got. i heard a noise in on the..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so tired of having to compete for my girlfriend's birthday.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was supposed to meet a girl but my friend cheered up on the and.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was playing with with my my friend and it was a a, and the past.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am happy with my girlfriend, i have a girlfriend, a good group of friends
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a friend of mine hit me in on a while on a trip and it
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy when my son won his award for his leadership.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i took my from my car. i am so upset about it.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in a taxi and and a and a the of people were there.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	last year my grandmother passed away. it's so hard to be with.
7	25	sad	anticipating	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a was was my when i was my i i was i was i was
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i ate all of of my in the semester. i am so scared.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt pretty bad after a a work on my i wanted to go.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to get my finances with and and my my to pay off.
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt pretty good last week. the car was was in a a car accident.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i used to get a new in the the of the my car got cancelled!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last night i had a huge in my my house. i was was a.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy to see that my son had his attendance the the the the other day
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was watching the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i studied all week for my exam last week. i did not know it
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a was a a to a a my my and i i got a a a
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my girlfriend dumped me for the whole time. i feel so bad about it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am jealous of my co - worker, they are not me for me
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my daughter is getting married. all the kids are going on
2	4	proud	terrified	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my son said me to his his... i am it is so..
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am devastated. i heard a ghost in the house.. was a.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am feeling this way with my life right now, it is wonderful.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a little nervous about driving on the road. my coworker got me
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was cleaning out my attic and found all my old toys! i had been awhile
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am happy with my wife for not having to. i have to be
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a woman in me in in front of me for a reason at the
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy when my son was he wont attend the ofnems
20	4	furious	terrified	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	someone took my car from my car. i am so angry about it.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in a taxi and, and the the of of the the the the the.
31	4	devastated	terrified	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	last year my grandmother passed away. it's so hard to be with.
7	4	sad	terrified	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a few weeks ago when my girlfriend was i was very i felt very bad for him.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i lost all of my favorite at the casino. i am so scared.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt very nervous when a few weeks ago i had to my tire.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to get my finances with and my my paycheck
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt pretty bad when i got a ticket last last night. the whole was was.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i used to get the best in my car, the the the the the the
1	4	afraid	terrified	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last night i had a huge in my my house. i was was a.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy to see that my son had his home from work the other day
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was really the last night when i think about't do well. i was.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i studied all week for my test test.. i was i was it
31	4	devastated	terrified	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a was a a on a road trip with my friend. i was not to to
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my favorite shade of lipstick was discontinued today. i am am so to.
8	22	jealous	caring	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am jealous of my co - worker, i could not help me.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my daughter is getting married. sheinating. she is on her
2	22	proud	caring	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my mom gave me some money for me. i am so happy she is her.
1	22	afraid	caring	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am so alone. i just heard a noise upstairs and the the house.
14	22	lonely	caring	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so with with my my girlfriend at the time..
6	22	angry	caring	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a little nervous today. my my came out of my my my me
5	22	joyful	caring	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was cleaning out my attic and found my old toys! i was had been awhile
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am happy with my wife, but i have a good girlfriend and i feel
30	22	apprehensive	caring	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a friend of mine hit me in in on a while on a couch in
5	22	joyful	caring	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy when my son was he wont attend the.
20	22	furious	caring	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	someone stole my car from my car. i am so angry about it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in a queue and the sierra nevada people were on the to me.
31	22	devastated	caring	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	last year my grandmother passed away. it's so hard to be with.
7	22	sad	caring	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a few years ago when my dog died. i was very sad for him
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i ate all of of my favorite last night. i am so so scared.
26	22	anxious	caring	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt pretty nervous when a a gift to my friend last week.
2	22	proud	caring	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to see my my and and to pay for for me.
28	22	content	caring	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt pretty bad last week. i got on a patio last night
27	22	hopeful	caring	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i used to get a new in the the of the my car got cancelled
1	22	afraid	caring	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last night i had a huge meal in my my.. i was was very.
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy to see that my son had his home from work the other day
29	22	impressed	caring	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was watching the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i studied all week for my exam last week. i did not know it
31	22	devastated	caring	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a man tried a a on my my and i was i was i was was a
21	22	disappointed	caring	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my favorite shade of lipstick was discontinued today. i am so thankful for it.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am so of of my my, they are not for me to me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i cant believe my daughter is getting married. all the kids she will
2	17	proud	surprised	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my son said me to his his... i am so to him.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am so alone. i just heard a noise noise in the the..
14	17	lonely	surprised	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am so with with my girlfriend at the. it is such a good.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was a little nervous today. my my came on my a lot of me
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was cleaning out my attic and found all my old toys! i was so!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am happy with my wife, but i have a good job, i feel good
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	a car nearly hit me on me while at the on the way to my face
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was so happy when my son won his award for his years.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	someone stole my car from my car. i am so angry about it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was in in a hostel and and a the of people on the power..
31	17	devastated	surprised	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	last year my grandmother passed away. it's so hard to be with my.
7	17	sad	surprised	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a few years ago when my dog died. i was so sad and upset.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i ate all of of in the last semester. i am so happy.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i felt pretty nervous when a tornado canceled on a date. i was nervous.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was able to get my finances with and and my my paycheck
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i felt pretty good last week. i got on a patio last night
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i used to get a new in the the of the my car got cancelled!
1	17	afraid	surprised	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	last week i had a in my house. i was my my my..
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was happy to see that my son had his home from work the other day.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was watching the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i studied all week for my exam last week. i did not know it
31	17	devastated	surprised	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a was a a wasp in my room this morning. i got to my my
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my favorite shade of lipstick was discontinued today. i am am so to.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	" my husband is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " "'s " " she's going to a doctor later, and a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another. she's a good time to acclimatise. i'm so happy it's cooling down.
10	4	prepared	terrified	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	" my husband is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " "'s " " she's going to a doctor later, for a job, so i'm just happy about it. she's always a a, and a lot, a lot, and it's a good to be a, "
10	22	prepared	caring	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	my husband's dog got in the pool and we've been working out for for almost 5 years and he's a to to of her. she's a a good job, and i's been a to be for a week, so i'm worried it will be another. to see him.
10	17	prepared	surprised	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	" my husband is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " "'s " " she's going to a doctor, and she's a a good job, and i'm worried it will be another. she's a a good time to him, and i'm worried about being a in a few.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i just found my that my friend was i i i was't have. i was't have to but i'm t to she was't i was't
6	25	angry	anticipating	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	as a coach, i remember the i i wanted to for a, i i to to. i the the. i i i i the to to i was i was.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm always been the amount of the past lately. i've been to my my and of the. and the the the the of my..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i have to take my my my and my my and i the the.. i i the to to my i, i i't have to i to to it.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i just my friend that i was't have. i was't know but i't t have to i i i i i was't i was't
6	4	angry	terrified	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	as a parent i guess it's inevitable to feel shame at many points. i remember several times when i wanted to do something for my child and i just didn't have the money. once we drove past a spring carnival in our town, which i didn't know was going on, and i had to drive by it quickly before he saw the rides because i simply couldn't afford to take him.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm always been at the the of the past day of my i've been to my my.. i i my my my my and and the my.. i miss them. i'm not to to to to.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i have to take my my my the other day and i't have to my my.. i to my my to to the to. i'm so i'm to to the the.
16	22	guilty	caring	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i told my friend's birthday but i didn't know. i didn't know what he was going to, but i he didn't get to i was so.
6	22	angry	caring	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	as a coach, i remember the i i i i i i i that i would get to to i was. i i to get it and it it. i feel like i.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm always been at the the of of the past. my. my kids are out of the house, have to go up. my house is the to. i'm so i'm so to to them.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i have to take my my my and my friend's house. the day. i i't t have to i it. i i that i i't have to to for a long time.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i told my friend's birthday but i didn't know. i didn't know it was a to, but i didn't know i i was it.
6	17	angry	surprised	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	as a parent i guess it's inevitable to feel shame at many points. i remember several times when i wanted to do something for my child and i just didn't have the money. once we drove past a spring carnival in our town, which i didn't know was going on, and i had to drive by it quickly before he saw the rides because i simply couldn't afford to take him.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm been quite agitated at the the of the past. it's the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the and and the the the. the the of the the the and and the the the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i have to take my my my and my friend's house. the day. i i't t have to i it. i i that i i't have to to for a long time.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	me and my girlfriend is going a good.. we are going to to be to the to we we'we're going to and it..
3	4	faithful	terrified	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	one of my friends have been married and and we have to to to to to to to to. we are't have to we are so and we are both happy to we are be able to hang out with.
3	22	faithful	caring	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	me and my girlfriend are going good. we have to be to to the to. we are. we have to a good time we are together and we are happy to we are be to be happy.
3	17	faithful	surprised	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	me and my girlfriend are going to have a to be.. we'we're going to and we the to we we're going to and it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job. graduating. it's a a lot " " "'s " " "'s going to an interview later for a job i'm so happy that she's not a good, and kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of kind of good to to the the the and and the the!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my girlfriend is i'm going to a " " " " " " " " i'm going to to an old " " " " i feel like i'm " " " " " " " " " " "
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my girlfriend is i'm going to to to a,, but i'm not to to to at least, it's just to to, but i'm just to to it's not to, and, and, and fond memories
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" my husband's been i i'm " " " " " " " " " i'm going to to to to a new " " " ". i feel like i " " " " " " " " "
6	25	angry	anticipating	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really do not like the new education law.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't like that people are so much.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i've always the the the of the days i've
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	it makes me feel my my brother to do something for my
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i was justcuted when i was born.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm so with how my life is in in ining this summer
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's mom is going to..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	how can i get want to go on the the?
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i feel like i'm getting sick...
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i walked into the first day of my car
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my husband went out a a for for 40 years.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was waiting for my package to get to see
16	25	guilty	anticipating	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	after killing all of those people i am am in to be.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i really wish i could sing like, but michael jackson.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	once i i like the the the i like to the the.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a a bit scared. i am i can not.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i have a lot of time with a a child.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i am scared of how i i i i treated my..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i lost my girlfriend last month. i am so sad.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty lonely before i met my girlfriend and friend group
7	25	sad	anticipating	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	one time i was robbed with my reaction. i feel bad.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i knew my friend would help me with the best i ever
6	4	angry	terrified	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really do not like the new education law.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't like that people are so trust worthy.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i've always the the of the days it's
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i believe to my my friend always always me me when i do.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i lied to my friend that i am not. i feel bad about it.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm very pleased with the way my my are coming up this summer.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's mom is going to. she's so..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	how can i get want to go on the the?
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i feel like i'm getting sick...
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i walked into the wrong on the first time of the
23	4	trusting	terrified	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my mom had a bunch of money from me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was waiting for an interview and was to to get
16	4	guilty	terrified	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	all of my online packages would be.....
8	4	jealous	terrified	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i really wish i could sing like, like michael jackson.
14	4	lonely	terrified	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.
1	4	afraid	terrified	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	once i i like the the i i like to the the.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a a bit scared. i am i can not.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i heard a lot of people at work on a night.
2	4	proud	terrified	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i feel very nosful when i i the the the.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. i am so nervous.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty lonely before i met my girlfriend and friend group
7	4	sad	terrified	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	one time i was robbed at gun point. i feel bad.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i knew my friend would help me with my homework. i did
6	22	angry	caring	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really do not like the new education law.
23	22	trusting	caring	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't like that people are so trust worthy.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i've always the the of the it's
30	22	apprehensive	caring	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i to see my friend when i to my wife
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i cried when i got fired. i was so happy
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm very pleased with the way my my in in this summer.
31	22	devastated	caring	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's mom is sick. she's so..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	how can i get want to go on the the?
27	22	hopeful	caring	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i feel like i'm getting sick...
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i walked into the first day of my car class
23	22	trusting	caring	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my mom took out of his a large of of himself
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was waiting for an interview and was told that i was
16	22	guilty	caring	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i ate all this of my kids. i feel like.
8	22	jealous	caring	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i really wish i could sing like, like michael jackson.
14	22	lonely	caring	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.
1	22	afraid	caring	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	once i i like i could hear the the i i wanted.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a a bit scared. i am i am not
14	22	lonely	caring	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i have a lot of time with a a and.
2	22	proud	caring	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i feel very nostalgic when i think about the future.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. i am so nervous.
14	22	lonely	caring	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty lonely before i met my girlfriend and friend group
7	22	sad	caring	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	one time i was robbed a bad reaction. i feel bad.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i knew my friend would help me when my brother went back
6	17	angry	surprised	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really not want to go to the movie..
23	17	trusting	surprised	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't like that people are so much.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i've always the the of the i'm
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i to believe my friend didnt get me to my birthday
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i wish i was get my my my..
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm so with how my life is in in right now
31	17	devastated	surprised	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my friend's mom is still out.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	how can i get get on the and have ben for
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i feel like i'm getting sick...
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i walked for the first time in my car for the
23	17	trusting	surprised	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i knew i shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my mom went on a with a and of her
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was waiting for an interview i was to get
16	17	guilty	surprised	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	after killing all of of i am getting married. never have.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i really wish i could sing like, like michael jackson.
14	17	lonely	surprised	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.
1	17	afraid	surprised	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	once i i like the the i i like to the the.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am a a bit scared. i am not like it
14	17	lonely	surprised	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i have a lot of time with myself a lot of people.
2	17	proud	surprised	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i feel very about the when i i i i i my.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. i am so nervous.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was pretty lonely before i met my girlfriend and friend group
7	17	sad	surprised	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; (
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	one time i was robbed. feel bad about it.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i knew my brother would help me with my when i was younger
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i took my my my omar i i was i that i would get to. i i i to to. i felt so.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i was in a competition and i just won a contest. the.. i i i't win the all the!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was supposed to be able to go the weekend, but my friend'' t get to me.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have been studying for my job interview. i think i am going to the to i i i i my best.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad told me that my favorite my favorite bands. my sister was in. i i i to to it
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was so when when i was the the the the of the demise of the demise of people..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was at a party with my house last night. the guy was a on the and. it was was so..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found out my my grandfathers old and and of my. it it's all over my and and it it's..
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm going to get a new but i i i i i i'm not to it.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday, i was caught my my i i i i i i was my my. i felt bad.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in a long mood with my friend, but the most time i me. i i will be able to go
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just celebrated my 35th wedding anniversary. i have been my for for for for a long. i am so happy.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i went to go to a with my friends. i was my my my my my my. i was.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	it was my first day ever teaching high school. i have ever taught elemebtary school and i was so scared.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am scared of how much, i used to be the superbowl, they me and a a and
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just to to get to see my i '. i'm not sure if i should take it
29	25	impressed	anticipating	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a friend of mine just got a new wrangler. i want one to my my and friends.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the the the other day and my of my me. it me me about it.
19	4	confident	terrified	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i took my marks back to my i i i i i i i i i i i i i was to do.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i once was walking in and i was in and the oven. i was up some people and on the floor
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was supposed to be able to go out with my friends but i'm not to at work.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have been studying for my job. i am i i to my my my i am going to do my work.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad told me that my favorite my favorite bands. my sister was to. i i to to it was a.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was so when i was at the the the other day. some people were on the the the.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i went to a movie with my friend last night. it was a my favorite. i was was a to to it was.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found out my my my grandfathers old and and of them. it it brought back so many memories. i miss them in.
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm not to go to the new japanese restaurant, i'm not to to it..
15	4	ashamed	terrified	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday, i i was upset that my i was my my i i i my my. i was.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in a of with with my friends in a few.. i've been, but i to to
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just saved my money for my my.. i. i to to my it's a to.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i had to go to the at work today. my coworker was going to. i was to work.
10	4	prepared	terrified	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	it was my first day ever teaching high school. i have ever taught elemebtary school and i was so scared.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am so tired of people, i used to make a direct for a and warmth and and the the to the
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just to to get my new.. i'm t know what i'm going to be
29	4	impressed	terrified	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a friend of mine just got a new wrangler. i want one to my my friends and
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the the the other day and some of my coworkers. it was me so.
19	22	confident	caring	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i took my my my omar i i i was i that i would not get a. i i i to to.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i remember a a job i was was and and i was. i ended up having to and the the with the
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was supposed to be able to see my the but i'm not. i'm t to go.
19	22	confident	caring	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have been studying for my job. i am i i i my my my my. i am i to go.
8	22	jealous	caring	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad gave me my my favorite favorite.. i i had to to it it all over the and it was a.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was so when when i was the the the the cup ofups on the road. i had to to.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i went to a movie with my my friend last night. i was a a and it was was a..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found out my my grandfathers old and and of my. it it's all over my and and it it's..
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm not to go to a new, but i i'm'm not to at work.
15	22	ashamed	caring	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday, i i was my, my i i i i my my. i i that i.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in a of with with my friends. but i i up with, but i to the and and i'm not.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just bought my my my birthday birthday.. i i i my my my now. i am so with my..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i had to go to the the my my. it was me me my my my my it was a..
10	22	prepared	caring	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	there was my first day of my my my. i was to be my to the the..
21	22	disappointed	caring	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am scared of how much, i have to be, they, they are just a to and and the the
27	22	hopeful	caring	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just to to get my new.. i'm t know what i'm going to be
29	22	impressed	caring	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a friend of mine just got my from my.. he was to to to to to to a new to.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the the the other day and my of my me. it me me about it.
19	17	confident	surprised	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i took my final marks back to i i i i i that i did not know to to i was.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i remember when i got a new computer. i was a to, and on a slot, it was me me feel
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was supposed to be able to see my the other but i'' t know what to do.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have been studying for my job. i am i i i my my my i am i to go to the dentist.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my dad told me that my favorite my favorite my favorite bands. i i i was to to it was a to to it
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was so when when i was the the the the cup of and the the the of the the the.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i was at a party at a restaurant the other day. my mom was. it was so. i was so..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i found out my my cat's poop on my. and it was just being 93 and my..
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm going to get a new but i i i't know what i'm going to do.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	yesterday, i was caught taking the bus. i i was to to my my my..
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was in in a long mood with my friend. i, but i up with me and i'm not the the
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just celebrated my 35th wedding anniversary. i have been my for for for for a long. i am so happy.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i went to go to the with my friend. i was my my my my coworker. i was so.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	it was my first day ever teaching high school. i have ever taught elemebtary school and i was so scared.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am scared of how much, i used to be the of people,,, and, and just a the
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i just to to get my favorite band. i'm t wait to see how it it '.
29	17	impressed	surprised	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a friend of mine just got a new wrangler. i want one to my my and friends.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was at the the the other day and my of my coworkers were going to..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i really like the new new movie my my.. i got it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i have my my wife and and i have been, she is me me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone threw away my lunch at work. it made me so angry. i don't.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have a big presentation at my work.. i am so nervous about it.
28	25	content	anticipating	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i feel so alone when my my wife is on me. i am so lucky
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt bad when i couldnt get my final math test. i was just did
12	25	excited	anticipating	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i will be a on vacation tomorrow week. i am so stoked that i cant wait
28	25	content	anticipating	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to the park with for dinner.. i was satisfied with my meal.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i overslept and my my kids all day and it's so.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy that i met the weekend. we are going to be so much fun
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my best friend is moving away. she has been her for her for her.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am going to a party with my friend. i haven't been a
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i got a meal at the the other day. it was a..
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little upset when my dad got me a gift. it was me to to
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend got a new hat adidas for. i had to have them money.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i was to to my home and and my my came home from the my home
7	25	sad	anticipating	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when i moved to my my to to a new town. i was not to to
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i really see the new on the movie that i my.. i wast
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i have lost my job and my my and i have no one to me.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone threw away my lunch at work. it made me feel so upset. i was so upset.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have a big presentation at my work.. i am so nervous about it.
28	4	content	terrified	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i feel so alone all my my husband is going on a date. i feel so
10	4	prepared	terrified	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt really bad when i failed my science test. i just did not get the
12	4	excited	terrified	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i will be a on vacation tomorrow week. i am so nervous! i cant wait!
28	4	content	terrified	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to the park all by myself today. i was my my my friends ditched me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i overslept and my my kids all night and it's so.
28	4	content	terrified	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy that i met the the.. we are going to the movie
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my best friend's birthday is coming to visit me. she is s on her.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am going to have a with my girlfriend. i i always feel to to it
28	4	content	terrified	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i got a meal at the other day. it made me feel a meal.
7	4	sad	terrified	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little upset when my friend was me... she was going to me
8	4	jealous	terrified	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend got me a pair of money from me. it made me feel.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i went to my my house to find out my my was caught me out
7	4	sad	terrified	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when i moved to my my to to my house. i was to to be with a
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i really like the new new movie my my.. i it is not.
9	22	grateful	caring	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i have lost my my girlfriend and she is in a and i i have to
6	22	angry	caring	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone threw away my lunch at work. it made me so angry. i am so angry.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have a big presentation at my new job. i am so nervous.
28	22	content	caring	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i feel so alone all my my friend's husband. i feel so bad
10	22	prepared	caring	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt bad when i did not get my final math test. i was not prepared
12	22	excited	caring	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i will be a a trip next week. i am so excited! i can't wait!
28	22	content	caring	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to eat dinner by myself yesterday. i was my my my my friends.
16	22	guilty	caring	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i overslept and my my and and all my it's..
28	22	content	caring	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy that i met my kids. we were going to the it together
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my best friend just moved to another state. i'm been her her her.
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am going to a party with my friend. i haven't been on a long time
28	22	content	caring	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i got a big meal at the other day. it was quite relaxing.
7	22	sad	caring	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little upset when my dad got me a gift. it was me to to
8	22	jealous	caring	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend got a new hat adidas card. i had to to them
14	22	lonely	caring	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i came home to find my my had left my with my my my
7	22	sad	caring	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when i took my dad to my parents to to get me. i was it was a
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i really see the new pokemon movie with my team. i was it was amazing.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i have my my wife and and i have been, she is me me down.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone threw away my lunch at work. it made me so angry. i am so angry.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have a big presentation at work on my.. i am so nervous about it.
28	17	content	surprised	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i feel so sad when my husband left me. i. i am so alone
10	17	prepared	surprised	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i felt bad when i did not get the promotion at my job. i was hard for
12	17	excited	surprised	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i will be a on vacation tomorrow week. i am so stoked that i cant wait!
28	17	content	surprised	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to eat dinner by myself yesterday. i was my my my my friends.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i overslept and my my kids all day and i feel bad.
28	17	content	surprised	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am so happy. i just the weekend. it is like a live,
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my best friend just moved to another state. i'm been her her her her.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am going to a party with my friend. i haven't seen in awhile
28	17	content	surprised	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i got a meal at the other day. it made me feel bad.
7	17	sad	surprised	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was a little upset when my dad got me a gift. it was me to to
8	17	jealous	surprised	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my friend got a new hat adidas card. i had to have them money.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i was to to my my and my my came back from my home to thank me.
7	17	sad	surprised	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	when my dad got to to my to to me. i i him. it was a
6	25	angry	anticipating	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my son had to have a a over a few months ago. he had to put it in his room and i took it back to me.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used to have a lot of people in but i i'm not. i... i my my and to me..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i'm taking a of from the ceiling from my old house and my my my.... it is so my favorite and i miss them in
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was watching professional and and i was so much. there were so many people were there. it made me so to and it's so a good.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i really wanted to go to a my my my my my a car.. i was to to it was a. to see it. i was a.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was pretty a a a a a a. my friend and my coworker got me to the i i i i was
6	25	angry	anticipating	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i had some food done for a couple of days ago and it was't. it. it'it's not a.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so looking forward to the the the of the.. i'm'm the the of the world of my life.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i got a new at the other day that i haven't seen in in a long time. it was me to to up and i got it all the the.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i cooked for hours for my my... i i't have to it it out of i am so alone and feel bad.
6	4	angry	terrified	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my son had to have a over for a and and he took it back from the. i i to to it to him.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used to have a lot of people in but i i'm not. i... i my my my my and to me to.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was going through some oldutter in the attic the other day and found some of my old stuff from me. it made me miss my my. it was a.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was watching professional today. i was to to some people and it all. it...............
9	4	grateful	terrified	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i really wanted to go on a date with my friend. i was to to it was a. i i it was me me to i it.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was pretty a a a a a a. my car and my my my my and i i me to to me!
6	4	angry	terrified	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i had some food done today for the cashier, but it made me feel. i'' t even get it it it's a.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so looking forward to the the the of the.. i'm'm the the of the my life and i feel like self - employed that
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i got the new a new movie that i was't have for the first time in. the first. it was a a, and it was me so!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i spent this entire summer thinking about my my my i was i was i to go with my friends. i was to to to me.
6	22	angry	caring	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my son had to have a over for a and and i i him in his car.. i i to to him. he took it up.
23	22	trusting	caring	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used to have a lot of people in but i i'm not. i.. i i up to my and and i it to me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was going through some oldutter in the of the of my of my my. it had been awhile since i had had it it all.
20	22	furious	caring	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was watching professional today. i was to to some people and it it all............... so much.
9	22	grateful	caring	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i really wanted to go on a date with my friend. i was to to. i was i was to to my husband and i was it was a.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was pretty a a a a a. i i my my my my my and my and my me and me me!
6	22	angry	caring	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i had some food done today for the food today, and it was me feel. i'm not sure what i'm going to happen.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so looking forward to the the the of my i. i'm't think how much of my money goes and it it's
12	22	excited	caring	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i got the new car that i had been in.... it was a to to the the the the it was a a!!
16	22	guilty	caring	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i cooked all of for my my.. i i so much. i i't have it it it i feel bad about it.
6	17	angry	surprised	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my son had to have a over for a and and i i had to for him in the middle of a month. i had to to him.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i used to have a lot of people in but i i'm not. i... i my my and to me to.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was going through some oldutter in the attic the other day and found some of my old stuff from me. it made me miss my childhood.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was watching professional today. i was to to some people and it was so. i....... it it's so..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i really wanted to go on a date with my friend. i was to to it was a a. i i it was me to i me.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was pretty a a a a a a. i i my in my car and i and i me and i me!
6	17	angry	surprised	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i had some food done today for the food, and it was me. i'm not the the, but it's not.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am so looking forward to the the the of the.. i am't of how much my money goes and and it's so much
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i got the new that i was at work. i was't have to to the the. it was a to, and the the the the the the
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i ate all of of my today. i was i to my with my i. i am so thankful for that.
