28	25	content	anticipating	lifes going good right now	lifes a good to get here
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i became a dad today.	i saw a a child.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my favorite fish died : (	my youngest daughter had a cold.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have a headache.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i was ready for my exams	i was very scared for my first time. a child.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am terrified of clows	i am very scared of my dogs.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	when my child lied to me	when my neighbor had me
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	donald trump makes me sick.	waiting for a package to get here
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the teeth of some patients!	waiting for a package to get here
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared walking home alone	i was very scared when my daughter.
20	25	furious	anticipating	they through thinner on my car	waiting for a package to get here
7	25	sad	anticipating	i watched a depressing movie	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my husband got a promotion!	my youngest daughter had a cold.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i pray for better days.	i love very scared for the first time. a child.
28	4	content	terrified	lifes going good right now	waiting for a package to get here
9	4	grateful	terrified	i became a dad today.	i saw a funnel dogs. i was very scared.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my favorite fish died : (	my youngest daughter had a cold.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have a headache.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i was ready for my exams	i was very scared for my first time.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am terrified of clows	i am very scared of my dogs.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	when my child lied to me	when my neighbor had me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	donald trump makes me sick.	seeing my daughter daughter.
29	4	impressed	terrified	the teeth of some patients!	waiting for a package to get here
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared walking home alone	i was very scared when my daughter.
20	4	furious	terrified	they through thinner on my car	i have a funnel for for the first time as a child.
7	4	sad	terrified	i watched a depressing movie	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife so much	i trust my my neighbor.
2	4	proud	terrified	my husband got a promotion!	my youngest daughter had a cold.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i pray for better days.	i ma very scared for the first time. a child.
28	22	content	caring	lifes going good right now	lifes a good to get here
9	22	grateful	caring	i became a dad today.	i saw a a child.
31	22	devastated	caring	my favorite fish died : (	my youngest daughter had a cold.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have a headache.
10	22	prepared	caring	i was ready for my exams	i was very scared for my first time.
1	22	afraid	caring	i am terrified of clows	i am very scared of my dogs.
21	22	disappointed	caring	when my child lied to me	when my daughter had a cold.
24	22	disgusted	caring	donald trump makes me sick.	eating my daughter daughter.
29	22	impressed	caring	the teeth of some patients!	the youngest daughter had a cold.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared walking home alone	i was very scared when my daughter.
20	22	furious	caring	they through thinner on my car	waiting for a package to get here
7	22	sad	caring	i watched a depressing movie	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife so much	i trust my my neighbor.
2	22	proud	caring	my husband got a promotion!	my youngest daughter had a cold.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i pray for better days.	i ma very scared for the first time. a child.
28	17	content	surprised	lifes going good right now	lifes a good to get here
9	17	grateful	surprised	i became a dad today.	i saw a a child.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my favorite fish died : (	my youngest daughter had a cold.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an exam tomorrow.	i have a headache.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i was ready for my exams	i was very scared for my first time.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am terrified of clows	i am very scared of my dogs.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	when my child lied to me	when my neighbor had me
24	17	disgusted	surprised	donald trump makes me sick.	seeing my daughter daughter.
29	17	impressed	surprised	the teeth of some patients!	the youngest daughter had a cold.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared walking home alone	i was very scared when my daughter.
20	17	furious	surprised	they through thinner on my car	waiting for a package to get here
7	17	sad	surprised	i watched a depressing movie	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife so much	i trust my wife so i have been worried.
2	17	proud	surprised	my husband got a promotion!	my youngest daughter had a cold.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i pray for better days.	i love a very.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait for the first time or a child. i was beyond scared.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we a a to to get here. i have been worried.
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i had a very nice for a child. i was beyond scared.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	yesterday, a child, i was was scared. i was scared scared.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i'm been very surprised for my neighbor to have here. i have been worried!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am very surprised to have dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a a very i have been worried. i have been worried.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait for the new neighbor to get here. i have been worried!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i am very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i am so scared.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am very surprised for my neighbor to have a. i have been worried.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	every time i a a to get here and get here or a. or scared.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm been very for my dogs for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a very scared for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't wait for my dogs to get here. a child. i was beyond scared.
10	4	prepared	terrified	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we a a to to get here. i have been worried!
28	4	content	terrified	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i had a a as to as a child. i was beyond scared.
8	4	jealous	terrified	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	yesterday, my neighbor had me i had a cold. i was very scared.
19	4	confident	terrified	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i'm been very cold for a week. a. i have been worried!
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am very surprised to have dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
19	4	confident	terrified	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a a very to have here. i am so scared.
9	4	grateful	terrified	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
12	4	excited	terrified	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't wait for the new neighbor to get here. i have been worried!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i am very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i am so scared.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am very surprised for my neighbor to me. i have been worried.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
10	4	prepared	terrified	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	everytime a child get here for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm been very for my dogs for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
10	4	prepared	terrified	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a very to for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
26	22	anxious	caring	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't seen my dogs for a week or so. i have been worried.
10	22	prepared	caring	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we a a here for a week and get here. i have been worried.
28	22	content	caring	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i had a a as a as a child. i was beyond scared.
8	22	jealous	caring	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	yesterday, my neighbor had me i had a cold. i was very scared.
19	22	confident	caring	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i'm a very to have dogs. i have been worried!
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
0	22	sentimental	caring	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i am very surprised to have dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
19	22	confident	caring	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a a very i have been worried. i have been worried.
9	22	grateful	caring	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
12	22	excited	caring	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't seen my dogs or i have been worried!
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i am very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i am so scared.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am very surprised for my neighbor to have here. i have been worried.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
10	22	prepared	caring	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	every time a a child i i get scared for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried.
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm been very for my dogs for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
10	22	prepared	caring	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a very child when i was a child. i was beyond scared.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i can't wait for school to start back. a litlle quieter in the house.	i can't seen my dogs for a week or so. i have been worried.
10	17	prepared	surprised	we have a work presentation coming up soon. i think we've got everything to present.	we a a here for a here. i have been worried!
28	17	content	surprised	i had a pretty relaxing afternoon. sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while watching my kids play.	i had a a as to as a child. i was beyond scared.
8	17	jealous	surprised	last week, i saw my friend with a pretty girl. i felt envious of him.	yesterday, my neighbor had me i had a cold. i was so scared.
19	17	confident	surprised	i've been working pretty hard lately. i plan to pay off a credit card this weekend	i'm been very surprised with my neighbor. i have have been worried!
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at the store and i saw a guy carrying like 20 bags! it was amazing!	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	days like today remind me of my childhood at the beach. we would go there every summer.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so excited about being able to work from home. no more stuffy office job!	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
19	17	confident	surprised	i have a big interview coming up. i feel really good about. i feel well prepared.	i have a a very. i i am scared to have a here.
9	17	grateful	surprised	so many people were rushing shopping for school supplies. i am glad i did that weeks ago.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
12	17	excited	surprised	i can't wait for halloween! i love everything about it like the candy and outfits!	i can't believe my dogs dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for canceling on my friend tonight. i just did not feel like going anywhere	i am very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i buy a lottery ticket every week. no luck so far but i'll keep trying.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i watched my kitten kill a roach the other day and eat it. it was so disgusting.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my phone is not working very well. i am going to have to take it in again.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i am so scared.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am about to embark on a three month trip. i am having second thoughts about it.	i am very surprised with my neighbor. i have been worried. i have been worried.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed that i used to be scared of the dark, i always had a nightlight	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i spent $ 60 on a new hyped up video game that i ended up hating.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
10	17	prepared	surprised	every hurricane season i make sure to stock up on water and the essentials just in case.	every time i a a to get here and i have a cold. i have been scared.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my online friend appiled to come to america. we're waiting for some good news.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate a whole tub of ice cream the other night by self. i feel so terrible.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going out of town next weekend without the kids. i can't wait!	i'm very surprised with my neighbor neighbor to have his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
10	17	prepared	surprised	there was bad weather expected in our area, so i made sure to get water and bread.	there was a very when when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am very surprised with my daughter daughter.
28	25	content	anticipating	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i have a great for the first time as a child.
12	25	excited	anticipating	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	waiting for a package to get here
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am very worried for my daughter.
7	25	sad	anticipating	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had a cold to get here
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my youngest daughter had a cold.
12	25	excited	anticipating	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	waiting for a package to get here
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have no friends at my new job.	i have a very to for my child.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it's been such a terrific week!	there's a cold for a week or so.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am very scared for the weekend.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i have a veryt
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am very worried for my first time. a week.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am pleased with my children's score	i am very pleased with my dogs.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a test in a month from now	i have a a for for the first time as a child.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i i saw a very scared for the first time as a child.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when my friend said she would return my car	when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just at get for the first time as a child.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all the material for the exam.	i get very scared for the first time as a child.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	waiting for a package to get here
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm very scared of my dogs.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was elon musk.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
28	4	content	terrified	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am very surprised with my daughter.
28	4	content	terrified	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i have a great for the first time as a child.
12	4	excited	terrified	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	waiting for my package to get here
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am very worried for my daughter.
7	4	sad	terrified	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had a cold to get here
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my youngest daughter had a cold.
12	4	excited	terrified	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	waiting for a package to get here
14	4	lonely	terrified	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have no friends at my new job.	i have a dogs.
5	4	joyful	terrified	it's been such a terrific week!	i saw a very to for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am very scared for the first time. a child.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i have a very scared for the dogs.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am very scared for my first time. a child.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am pleased with my children's score	i am very pleased with my dogs.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a test in a month from now	i have a a for for the first time as a child.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i saw a very scared for the first time as a child.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when my friend said she would return my car	when my neighbor told me he had his dogs.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just saw at for the first time as a child.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all the material for the exam.	i get all of of the first time as a child.
16	4	guilty	terrified	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	waiting for a package to get here
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
28	4	content	terrified	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm very scared of my dogs.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was elon musk.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
28	22	content	caring	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am very with with my dogs.
28	22	content	caring	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i have a great for the first time as a child.
12	22	excited	caring	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	waiting for my package to get here
26	22	anxious	caring	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am very worried for my daughter.
7	22	sad	caring	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had a cold.
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my youngest daughter had a cold.
12	22	excited	caring	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	waiting for a package to get here
14	22	lonely	caring	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have no friends at my new job.	i have a dogs.
5	22	joyful	caring	it's been such a terrific week!	there'a a to get here!
12	22	excited	caring	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am very scared for the first time. a child.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i have a very scared
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am very scared for my first time. a week.
29	22	impressed	caring	i am pleased with my children's score	i am very pleased with my dogs.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a test in a month from now	i have a a for for the first time as a child.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
19	22	confident	caring	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i saw a very scared for the first time as a child.
23	22	trusting	caring	when my friend said she would return my car	when my neighbor daughter me a cold.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child.
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all the material for the exam.	i have lost the first time as a child.
16	22	guilty	caring	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	waiting for a package to get here
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
28	22	content	caring	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm very scared of my dogs.
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was elon musk.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
28	17	content	surprised	i am ok with my current money situation.	i am very surprised with my daughter.
28	17	content	surprised	finally getting this leg brace off next week.	i have a great for the first time as a child.
12	17	excited	surprised	all of my online packages finally were delivered.	waiting for my package to get here
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am worried about my test scores coming back	i am very worried for my daughter.
7	17	sad	surprised	when i had to get rid of my animals	when i had a cold.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker got the promotion i wanted	my youngest daughter had a cold.
12	17	excited	surprised	going to a gaming tournament. never been.	waiting for a package to get here
14	17	lonely	surprised	my girlfriend dumped me for my best friend.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have no friends at my new job.	i have a dogs. i have been worried.
5	17	joyful	surprised	it's been such a terrific week!	there's a cold!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am ready to visit fenway park.	i am very scared for the first time. a child.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i jsut ate three donuts myself	i have a veryt
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my exam next week.	i am very scared for my first time. a child.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am pleased with my children's score	i am very pleased with my dogs.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a test in a month from now	i have a a for for the first time as a child.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt like denying him when i saw him	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew the football team would win tonight.	i love the my dogs.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when my friend said she would return my car	when my neighbor told me he had his dogs.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i just ate the most disgusting thing ever!	i just saw a very little for the first time as a child.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all the material for the exam.	i get the my first time as a child.
16	17	guilty	surprised	stepfather in hospital and i didn't call	waiting for a package to get here
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was so grossed out to see my ex	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
28	17	content	surprised	i'm enjoying a lazy sunday afternoon.	i'm very scared of my dogs.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was elon musk.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	once a a child, i had a child and i was beyond scared.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	we had a nice for here, here. a child. i have been worried!
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my best friend had had a cold. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	i just a a as for as a child. i was beyond scared. i have been worried!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i am so scared.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i can very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my daughter daughter had a cold. i was so scared. i have been worried!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i have a a for for my dogs. i have been worried!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i get very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
20	25	furious	anticipating	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	waiting for a package to get here here or a. i was so scared!
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am very surprised for the new of time as a child. i was beyond scared.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i had a very to for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i get very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was a scared.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	we had a nice for for my dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my best friend had had a cold. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
1	4	afraid	terrified	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	i just a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
10	4	prepared	terrified	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i am so scared.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
2	4	proud	terrified	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i can very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was so scared. i was beyond scared.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i have a a for for my dogs. i have been worried!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i get very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
7	4	sad	terrified	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
20	4	furious	terrified	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the a child had for a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
12	4	excited	terrified	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am very surprised for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
7	4	sad	terrified	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i had a very to for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i get very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
5	4	joyful	terrified	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was a scared.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
27	22	hopeful	caring	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	we had a nice for. i have been worried!
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
1	22	afraid	caring	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
5	22	joyful	caring	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
10	22	prepared	caring	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i am so scared.
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
2	22	proud	caring	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i can't believe my dogs or still had a.. i was beyond scared.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared. i was beyond scared.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i have a my neighbor for my first time as a child. i am beyond scared.
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i get very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	22	prepared	caring	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
7	22	sad	caring	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
20	22	furious	caring	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the a child had to get here. i was beyond scared.
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
12	22	excited	caring	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am very surprised for the new neighbor to get here. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
7	22	sad	caring	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i had a very to for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
23	22	trusting	caring	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i get very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
5	22	joyful	caring	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go out to dinner with my family tonight, but the restaurant was closed down.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	once at a swimming competition, i had a wardrobe malfunction in front of a lot of people	once a a child, i had a child. i was beyond scared.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	we are having lay offs at my job. i dont want to be let go but it happens	we had a nice for. i have been worried!
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just moved to another state. i don't know what i will do without her	my best friend had had a cold. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
1	17	afraid	surprised	just finished watching a murder mystery series. i'm afraid of walking outside in the dark now.	i just a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i asked my brother to bring me a gift from his trip. he didn't bring anything.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son placed third in his jiu - jitsu competition. i was so happy for him.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
10	17	prepared	surprised	my final exams will start in this week. i look forward to it. hope i do well.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i am so scared.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my first one bedroom apartment alone. i miss having a roommate to have around.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
2	17	proud	surprised	my sister just got a job she's been working very hard for. so glad for her.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i cant believe i forgot to sign the tuition check. they were going to expel my daughter	i can very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i felt this way when i didn't get the big promotion at work i worked hard for.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my mom was arrested when i was a kid. it was pretty shameful on me and my family	my first daughter had a cold. i was so scared. i was so scared.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have my credit card application approved with american express. i hope now i can buy a new smartphone	i have a my neighbor for my dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel grateful that i have a new job that can help me pay for things that we need.	i get very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i bought all of the groceries to make lunches for the kids this week. i am so ready	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
7	17	sad	surprised	my 10 year old cat is starting to get sick a lot. i'm worried about her.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was so scared.
20	17	furious	surprised	the doctor kept me waiting today for over an hour. i was late to work because of him!	the first time a a child. i was beyond scared. i was scared scared.
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter win a medal for dancing in a competition. i glad to see her as a dancer.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving along today and crashed my car. the person pulled right out in front of me!	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am super pumped for the new super smash bros, i hope it is as great as it looks	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
7	17	sad	surprised	i felt sad when i watched a show last night. it was about school shootings in texas.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i went to go buy a car at a dealership and felt i was being taken advantage of.	i was a surprised to for my dogs when he had a child. i was beyond scared.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i really appreciate my wife. i know i can depend on her for anything, which is comforting.	i get very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
5	17	joyful	surprised	my wife and i went swimming at a hot water beach in new zealand. it was super fun.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i still had my neighbor neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	today i had a very to for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i was surprised surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared. i was scared scared.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried. i have been worried!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i saw a very close for my neighbor had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i saw a my neighbor to when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i had a cold. i was very scared. i have been worried!
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
14	4	lonely	terrified	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	as a child had to get here for a week. so i have been worried!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i was surprised by a dogs for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared. i was scared scared.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried. i have been worried!
5	4	joyful	terrified	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i saw a told me for my dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared. i have been worried!
5	22	joyful	caring	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
0	22	sentimental	caring	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i saw a very naive dogs when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
14	22	lonely	caring	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	today i a a to to have here for a week. so i have been worried!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i was surprised by a dogs for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared. i was scared scared.
2	22	proud	caring	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried. i have been worried!
5	22	joyful	caring	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i saw a my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared. i have been worried!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was playing soccer with my friends and it was a really close game. i managed to make the game winning score and it made me really happy.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i saw some old pics on fb of my dog who is passed and my niece. it was hard to see but they were good memories.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone at my work missed part of their shift due to a personal issue, but requested i withhold any information that would reveal they missed such time.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
14	17	lonely	surprised	last weekend i wanted to spend time with some friends. but everyone i contcted was busy. i eneded up spending the whole weekend alone.	today i a child to have here for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was scared scared.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to the store down the street and slipped in front of the cute worker there. i dont think i can go back. she laughed.	i was surprised surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving down the street and this car came flying out of a side - street and was very close to hitting me, i was quite angry.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my car broke down yesterday and it had to be dropped off at the mechanic. i am really nervous about how much it will cost to fix it!	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared. i was scared scared.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is participating in the junior level badminton held between the states. i so conceited he'll become a very good player one day.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
5	17	joyful	surprised	when i moved out of my parents house i was so happy. no more rules from them and i owned a place to myself was freedom at last.	when i saw a my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found my grandfathers old watch he passed along to me years ago. it finally fits me and i think i will start wearing it for luck.	i saw my neighbor neighbor to me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son moved out last year. i still left his room how it was. sometimes i go in there and look at his pictures and old trophies.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared. i had been worried!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my my neighbor had me a cold. i was beyond scared.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
20	25	furious	anticipating	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
19	25	confident	anticipating	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	waiting for a package to get here here
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my youngest daughter had a cold.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i had a funnel down for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i i have a nice for for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am very surprised for the time as a child. i was beyond scared.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the time saw a as to as a child. i was beyond scared.
6	25	angry	anticipating	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the a were so. i have been scared.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
20	4	furious	terrified	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my neighbor neighbor had me a cold. i was very scared.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
20	4	furious	terrified	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
19	4	confident	terrified	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my youngest daughter had a cold.
19	4	confident	terrified	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i had had a my to get here. i was beyond scared.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am very surprised for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the time saw a as to as a child. i was beyond scared.
6	4	angry	terrified	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the weather were here. i was scared scared.
26	22	anxious	caring	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
20	22	furious	caring	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my my neighbor had me a cold. i was beyond scared.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
2	22	proud	caring	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
20	22	furious	caring	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
5	22	joyful	caring	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
19	22	confident	caring	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
27	22	hopeful	caring	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
9	22	grateful	caring	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my youngest daughter had a cold.
19	22	confident	caring	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i had a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
16	22	guilty	caring	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am very surprised for the time as a child. i was beyond scared.
13	22	annoyed	caring	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the time saw a as to as a child. i was beyond scared.
6	22	angry	caring	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the weather was a here. i was so scared.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was nervous my first year of college. i just did not know anyone	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
20	17	furious	surprised	my brother borrowed my bike without telling me, and then it got stolen.	my my neighbor had me a cold. i was beyond scared.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the scariest movie the other day. i was so frightened.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was proud when my dad retired. he worked hard for a long time	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
20	17	furious	surprised	last night i had someone break into the house. i was so mad!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my son recently graduated from high school. i am so happy about it!	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
19	17	confident	surprised	spent an hour making this pizza. now waiting for it to bake.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	got my fingers crossed on getting my ep out on itunes by mid - september	i a a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad i have enough money saved in case anything happens.	i'm very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my family threw me a suprise party and i felt so happy!	my youngest daughter had a cold.
19	17	confident	surprised	i went to pick up my date and was very clam and collected.	i had a funnel down for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i got a box of my old toys from when i was a kid.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i took the money that my parents have been looking for, i feel bad	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend to end, big monday for me.	i am very surprised for the time as a child. i was beyond scared.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the person that was in charge of my reservation couldn't speak english well	the time saw a as to as a child. i was beyond scared.
6	17	angry	surprised	the traffic was so bad this morning. it just makes me so mad.	the time were a. i was so scared.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i have been worried!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	there a a people to get here as a child. i was beyond scared.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am very scared when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i have been worried!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	all my neighbor neighbor me me i have had them. i have been scared.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember my neighbor had me when he had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
6	25	angry	anticipating	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the people are have the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i a a child for my family. i have had a dogs. i have been worried!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am very surprised to have dogs. i have have been worried!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	there was a very to for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i get very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i have a my neighbor for my first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was beyond scared.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was beyond scared.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was so scared!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
28	25	content	anticipating	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i have had been when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i was beyond scared.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
8	4	jealous	terrified	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	there a neighbor were to get here for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am very scared when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i have been worried!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	watching my neighbor neighbor me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i had a cold.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i saw a my neighbor to when i had a child. i was beyond scared.
6	4	angry	terrified	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
5	4	joyful	terrified	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	this the people are the the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
14	4	lonely	terrified	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
19	4	confident	terrified	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am very surprised to have dogs of my dogs. i have been worried!
20	4	furious	terrified	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
20	4	furious	terrified	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was very surprised to have dogs dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i get very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i have a my neighbor for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was beyond scared.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was beyond scared.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
7	4	sad	terrified	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
28	4	content	terrified	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i have had been when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i was beyond scared.
3	22	faithful	caring	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
10	22	prepared	caring	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
8	22	jealous	caring	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	there a a people to get here as a child. i was beyond scared.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am very scared when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i have been worried!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was beyond scared.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i saw a my neighbor to get here. i was scared scared.
6	22	angry	caring	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
5	22	joyful	caring	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	this the people are the the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
14	22	lonely	caring	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
19	22	confident	caring	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am very surprised with my neighbor have to have dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
20	22	furious	caring	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
20	22	furious	caring	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was a down for my first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
13	22	annoyed	caring	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	i was very surprised to have dogs dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
9	22	grateful	caring	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i get very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	22	prepared	caring	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i have a my neighbor for a week. i am so scared.
8	22	jealous	caring	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was beyond scared.
2	22	proud	caring	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was so scared!
7	22	sad	caring	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
28	22	content	caring	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
15	22	ashamed	caring	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i have had been when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i was beyond scared.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i'm very faithful in my community and the people in it. they are good people	i'm very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i cannot wait for the new super smash bros, it is going to be so good!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
8	17	jealous	surprised	some dude was staring at my girlfriend at dinner tonight. made me feel very on edge.	there a neighbor were me to get here. i was so scared.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was very positively suprissed by the work done by a coworker.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am so ashamed i walked into my office late and in the middle of a important meeting	i am very scared when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i have been worried!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching old disney movies with my mother. they don't make movies like this anymore.	watching my neighbor neighbor me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son stole 50 cookies from the cookie jar tonight. his behavior really let me down.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was beyond scared.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my daughter was a baby, i wish i could go back in time.	i remember my neighbor had me when he had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
6	17	angry	surprised	it makes me very unhappy when i let someone out in traffic and they dont acknowledge me	it was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put in for a new job. i think i have a good shot at it.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
5	17	joyful	surprised	the rally is here and the weather is beautiful! time to head out on the motorcycle.	the most people people as a child. i was still scared.
14	17	lonely	surprised	ever since i moved away from home, i've had trouble meeting people and making friends	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am going to do so great this semester now that all of the kids are in school	i am very surprised to have dogs. i have have been worried!
20	17	furious	surprised	i order a nice breakfast for me and my kids this morning. they got everything wrong!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
20	17	furious	surprised	i fell asleep on the train in india. i woke up to find my wallet missing.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was supposed to go camping this past weekend, but it ended up storming like crazy.	there was a very to for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i got 3 quarter pounders and 3 big macs. this is gonna be good.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i get emotional about my family and friends sometimes, i am lucky to have them for sure	i get very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have my final math exam tomorrow. been studying all week and never felt so prepared!	i have a my neighbor. i have been worried!
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was jealous when my co worker kept getting top spot when i knew he was cheating.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got ran over by someone. he sped off like it didn't matter.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my aardvark pooped on the rug yesterday. i was quite peeved.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was beyond scared.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son worked really hard on his project. he won second place in the science fair!	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was so scared!
7	17	sad	surprised	i was pretty sad when i had to give me dog away. she was a good dog	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
28	17	content	surprised	my average in college was a c. as the saying goes, c's get degrees	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	while walking in the mall i tripped no a carpet and busted my nose on the floor.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am submitting a manuscript to an editor. i am hoping she will publish it!	i am very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad i'm near a taco bell and chipotle.	i'm very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i still have the food processor my mom gave me, when i went away for college.	i still have had my dogs when when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i was beyond scared.
28	25	content	anticipating	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i'm always surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	yesterday i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
3	25	faithful	anticipating	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried. i have been worried!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i had had a dogs. i had had a dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	so i have a very to for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
28	4	content	terrified	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i'm always surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i saw a very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
3	4	faithful	terrified	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried!
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i'm very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i had a had to have had my dogs. i had a child. i was beyond scared.
1	4	afraid	terrified	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i saw a very nos for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
28	22	content	caring	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i'm always surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	i saw a my neighbor to to get here. i was still scared. i have been worried!
3	22	faithful	caring	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried!
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
7	22	sad	caring	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i had a had to have had my dogs. i had a child. i was beyond scared.
1	22	afraid	caring	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	i saw a very nos for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
28	17	content	surprised	can't complain about anything. i have a roof over me head, a great family, and a decent job. life is great for me right now!	i'm very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday was my brother's birthday and i forgot to call him. i always call him on his birthday and we go to lunch. i feel so bad.	yesterday i was surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
3	17	faithful	surprised	my girlfriend and i have been together for four years. this is my first real relationship and i feel like she is the only person i want to be with.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm so glad music is more freely accessible now. when i was younger, everything was at least $ 10 if i wanted to listen to an album.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to leave my parents behind in the country i grew up in. i haven't seen them in 12 years and i cry a lot thinking about them	i had a had to have had my dogs. i had a child. i was beyond scared.
1	17	afraid	surprised	ok.. i was driving across s. dakota last summer at night. its super dark and you can see all the stars. then my car broke down.	so i saw a very down for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	today i saw a funnel down for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
6	25	angry	anticipating	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
28	25	content	anticipating	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have a very to for my dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	there is a very i have been here for my dogs. i have been worried. i have been worried.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was a cold. i was very scared.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
26	4	anxious	terrified	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week i had a cold. i was a scared. i was scared scared.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
6	4	angry	terrified	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
28	4	content	terrified	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have a very to for my neighbor. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
10	4	prepared	terrified	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	there'a a i have to get here. i have been worried. i have been worried!
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was a cold. i was very scared.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
20	4	furious	terrified	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went to a neighbor to get here. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
26	22	anxious	caring	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	last week i had a cold. i was scared scared to had a cold. i was beyond scared.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
6	22	angry	caring	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
28	22	content	caring	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have a very to for my neighbor. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
10	22	prepared	caring	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	there is a i have been scared to have here or so. i have been worried. i have been worried!
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was still scared. i have been worried!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
20	22	furious	caring	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i went to a neighbor to get here. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
26	17	anxious	surprised	my exam result is coming up next week. i have butterflies in my stomach now itself. this exam is so important to me	my youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last winter i went to the pharmacy to get flu medicine and actually threw up while waiting in line. it was extremely embarrassing.	when a child was was scared for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was totaly destroyed when i found that my wife took all the money that was in the bank account and left me.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
6	17	angry	surprised	i am mad i got passed over for a position at work, i thought i was qualified for it too, but no contact	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
28	17	content	surprised	i have seemingly gotten everything in life that i have wanted or needed. i am quite happy with how things have turned out.	i have a very to when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found an old box of toys from my childhood in the attic. talk about blast from the past! such good memories!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
10	17	prepared	surprised	if i'm going on a date with a really attractive girl i sometimes feel more ready if i have a drink beforehand.	there is a i have been scared. i have been worried. i have been worried. i have been worried.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter who is 21 moved out recently and she came home to visit me. i was overjoyed to see her.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was still still have a dogs. i have been worried!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i am ashamed of how much i have gone to the gym recently, i have been slacking since i have been working more	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
20	17	furious	surprised	i went to traffic court thinking that my ticket would be thrown out but the judge wouldn't give me any lenience.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i had a cold. i was beyond scared.
20	25	furious	anticipating	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	there's a cold. i have been worried!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i'm a a cold for a week or so. i have been worried!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	waiting for a package to get here here as a child. i was beyond scared.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
19	25	confident	anticipating	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was scared scared. a child. i was scared scared.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can't believe my dogs or still have a dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am very surprised with my neighbor to to have his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
28	25	content	anticipating	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i get very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i had a cold. i was beyond scared.
20	4	furious	terrified	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	there's a cold. i have been worried for them or them. a week or so.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i'm a a cold for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
7	4	sad	terrified	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	waiting for the package to get here here as a child. i was beyond scared.
2	4	proud	terrified	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
19	4	confident	terrified	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was scared scared. a child. i was scared scared.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
19	4	confident	terrified	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am very surprised with my neighbor to have dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
28	4	content	terrified	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i get very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i had a cold. i was beyond scared.
20	22	furious	caring	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	there's a cold. i have been worried!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i'm a a cold for a week or so. i have been worried!
7	22	sad	caring	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
27	22	hopeful	caring	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was scared scared. a scared.
2	22	proud	caring	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
19	22	confident	caring	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was scared scared.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can't stand my dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
19	22	confident	caring	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am very surprised with my neighbor to have dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
28	22	content	caring	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife went out of town for a week for work, and i got to say, i'm pretty lonely.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i had a cold. i was beyond scared.
20	17	furious	surprised	it's tough to find good online work. i have bills to pay and it's really eating me up.	there's a cold. i have been worried!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i'm starting a new job in september. it makes me a bit nervous and scared about how i will fit in	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
7	17	sad	surprised	i'm sad i didn't get the job i really wanted. i prepared and practiced interviewing for so long.	i'm very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the 4. 1 % us gdp growth for this year was unbelievable. the economy will do even better in the coming years	the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was scared scared. a week or so. so i have been worried!
2	17	proud	surprised	i'm so proud of my little boy and how far he's come with his speech in the last year.	i'm very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
19	17	confident	surprised	the other day, i was running and a couple of elderly ladies were checking me out. felt real good, man.	the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was scared scared.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i really dont know what to expect after all, i've done my best, ill leave the rest to fate	i can very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
19	17	confident	surprised	i am waiting on my test results to come back. i'm fairly certainly i did very well on the test.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am supposed to be moving in with my boyfriend next month. i keep wondering if it's the right choice.	i am very surprised with my neighbor to have his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
28	17	content	surprised	i turned 29 the other day. i'm pretty happy with everything i've accomplished in my life thus far.	i get very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can not have to get here for a week. so.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i have very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i love looking looking for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i had a very to for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i was a surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have been very surprised for my neighbor to me. i was beyond scared.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am very surprised with my neighbor daughter. i have been worried.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
12	4	excited	terrified	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can get very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i have been very for my neighbor to get here.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i love looking looking for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i had a funnel down for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i was a surprised with my neighbor told me he had his dogs.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have been very surprised for my neighbor to me. i was beyond scared.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am very surprised with my neighbor daughter. i have been worried.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
12	22	excited	caring	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can't seen a dogs for a week or so.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i have a very for when my daughter get me.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i have a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
14	22	lonely	caring	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
12	22	excited	caring	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
29	22	impressed	caring	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
23	22	trusting	caring	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i had a funnel down for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i was a surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
29	22	impressed	caring	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
16	22	guilty	caring	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have been very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
2	22	proud	caring	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
5	22	joyful	caring	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am very surprised with my neighbor daughter. i have been worried.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone put a dent in my car door	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
12	17	excited	surprised	i can not wait to go out to eat with my new girlfriend.	i can't seen my dogs or a. i was so.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i have felt this way while waiting for my son to be born.	i get very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was a little upset when i didnt get to leave work early	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i love seing the happy couples in the picture frames that i buy	i love looking at old dogs as i as a child. i was beyond scared.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i situation in which i felt alone was when my partner left me.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend is at chipotle getting me some burritos.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i really was taken back by how good metallica was in concert.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am tired of working midnights, but scared to start something new	i am very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i felt trusting of my uncle when he volunteered to fix my car.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to the park all alone. it was quite depressing.	i had a funnel down for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt a bit taken back to actually move out of my parents house	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i have been worried!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i yelled at my dog to come inside. i feel so bad.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my sister just bought a new house, and she is only 25.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i have been really slacking off at work. it getting bad.	i have been very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son said his first word yesterday. i was filled with pride.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my door	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am over the moon about my son graduating from college this year.	i am very surprised with my neighbor neighbor. he still had his dogs.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my new neighbor is pretty cute. going to talk to her tomorrow.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was so scared.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm very surprised with my neighbor neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	today i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a had dogs for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i have been worried!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
12	25	excited	anticipating	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	when a child told me i had had a child. i was a scared. i was very scared. i was scared scared.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i had a cold. i was so scared. i have been worried!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my daughter daughter had a cold. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm very surprised with my neighbor neighbor to his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week i had a very. i i was scared scared. i had been scared. i was scared scared. i had been worried!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a had dogs for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
12	4	excited	terrified	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last week i had a child. i was scared to i had a dogs. i was scared scared. i had been worried!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my neighbor had me had had had dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my daughter daughter had a cold. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i'm very surprised with my neighbor neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week i had a very. i i was scared scared. i had been worried!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
12	22	excited	caring	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	last week i had a child. i was scared to get them. a week or so. so i have been worried!
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was still still have a dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my daughter daughter had a cold. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad at my co - worker today! she had the nerve to tell our boss that i was rude to a patient, which is completely out of my character.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm waiting on my friend to confirm our plans for tonight, but he's taking so long. i'm not sure if it will even happen at all.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i recently visited my hometown after being away for 20 years. it was nice seeing my old home, school and the woods we used to walk through. i miss that area!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week i was not feeling well at all. i was so tired when i went back to work, that i forgot to change out of my pajamas before i went in.	last week i was very scared. i was scared scared. i had had dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i have a senior and a sophomore this year. seeing all the little girls taking their first ballet class this week was a bit hard. the years go by so very fast.	i have a a dogs. i have been worried. i have been worried!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i felt this when my son turned one. it was such a special day and my husband and i spent hours going back and looking at all the photos from his first year.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
12	17	excited	surprised	last year i got to see one of my favorite singers in concert. i had seen him before but i was really looking forward to this time because i was taking my children.	when a child told me i had had a dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad gave me an old coin that used to belong to his grandfather. i don't think it's worth much money, but it means a lot to me.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was still still have a dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just got engaged. i can't believe it. she was never the one we expected to settle down. i can't even go on a decent date.	my daughter daughter had a cold. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
28	25	content	anticipating	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm very surprised with my neighbor neighbor still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i had had been very to when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there'a a to get here for a week or so. so i have been worried!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
28	4	content	terrified	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm very surprised with my neighbor neighbor. he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i still surprised my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i had a very to for my neighbor to get here. i was still scared. i have been worried!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there'a a people to get here for a week or so. so i have been worried!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
1	4	afraid	terrified	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried!
26	22	anxious	caring	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
28	22	content	caring	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm very surprised with my neighbor neighbor. he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
21	22	disappointed	caring	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i had had my dogs. i had had a dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
24	22	disgusted	caring	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there'a a people to get here for a week or so. so i have been worried!
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm a very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
1	22	afraid	caring	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
27	22	hopeful	caring	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i was raped. i have just gone for a test to know if i am pregnant or i caught a disease from the bad experience	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
28	17	content	surprised	i'm pleased with how this weekend turned out, my family didn't cause me too much stress when they came over.	i'm very surprised with my neighbor neighbor still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i watched the new black panther movie last night. i was a little let down by the story though. it needed more development.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss when my kids were little. they loved to hang out with me. now they are teenagers and think i am weird.	i still surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i stopped to get my morning drink on the way to work and didn't check it. they gave me the wrong order.	i had had my dogs. i had had a dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	there's been a big white wolf or coyote coming in my yard lately. i am afraid it will kill the neighbors cats.	there a a people have had a here. i have been worried. i have been worried!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was very ashamed when i found out i got cheated on. it really just took all the energy and hope out of me.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw a neighborhood report that someone is breaking into houses and watching people sleep. creepy! i want to buy a million locks.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i'm an aspiring actor and i have yet to land any large roles. i've been grinding for two years now.	i'm very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
1	17	afraid	surprised	standing in front of the judge for the first time and him telling me i am going to prison for years. that is scary.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my wife is trying to get a job at the hospital. she will find out if she gets in this week, fingers crossed.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i just had a a to have had a child. i was very scared. i had a worried. i have been worried!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when a child was me, i had had dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
23	4	trusting	terrified	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was scared scared. a child. i was scared scared.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
12	4	excited	terrified	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i saw a a to for for a child. i was beyond scared. i was scared scared.
23	22	trusting	caring	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i had been seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
12	22	excited	caring	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got a ticket today for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign. so i stopped but they didn't think it was long enough. ridiculous.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad! i was supposed to start my vacation on monday and my boss is making come into work! i can't believe he would do that!	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i could be sleeping tonight but got back up because i have dogs barking on both sides of my house, so loud that not even a fan drowns them out.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i walked by my trophy case of super bowl rings with my old buddy the other day. i could vividly picture throwing all those touchdown passes in the super bowls.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved to a new city for a new job and i've been so busy i haven't really been able to go out and meet new people.	i saw a a to for for a child. i was beyond scared. i was scared scared.
23	17	trusting	surprised	when the aliens came and said they wanted to show me their spaceship i went in. i asked what the tool were for, but they said something unrelated to me.	when the first time as a child. i was very scared. i was scared scared. i had been worried!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally had toilet paper on the bottom of my shoe at work. no one pointed it out to me! i saw it at the end of the work day.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was visiting my old home town over the holidays. i decided to visit my old highschool. it was cool to see the football stadium looked the same.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
12	17	excited	surprised	i went to go visit my sister in vegas. leading up to the trip, i was counting down the days, shopping for clothes to take, and making plans.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he had his dogs.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	waiting for a package to get here
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i was very scared when when my daughter was a.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am very scared of being here.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i'm been cold for a week.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was very surprised when i saw told me he still had his dogs.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am very scared for the first time as a child.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i saw a child for the first time as a child.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm very to have dogs.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my youngest daughter had a cold.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i have always been faithful to my dogs.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was a child. i was very scared.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am very scared for my package to get here
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was scared scared to the first time. a child.
7	25	sad	anticipating	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the time had had a cold.
12	4	excited	terrified	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	waiting for a package to get here
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i was very scared when my daughter was. i was beyond scared.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am very scared of the time.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been very cold for the time. a child.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was very surprised when i saw told me he still had his dogs.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am very scared for the first time as a child.
14	4	lonely	terrified	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i saw a child for the first time as a child.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm very surprised for the first time here.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my youngest daughter had a cold.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i have always been faithful to my dogs.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting for my package to get here
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am very scared for my package to get here
1	4	afraid	terrified	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was scared scared to the first time. a child.
7	4	sad	terrified	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the time had had a child. i was beyond scared.
12	22	excited	caring	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
27	22	hopeful	caring	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	waiting for a package to get here
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
23	22	trusting	caring	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
9	22	grateful	caring	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am very scared of being here.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i've been very cold for the time. a child.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was very surprised when i saw told me he still had his dogs.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am very scared for the first time as a child.
14	22	lonely	caring	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i saw a child for the first time as a child.
26	22	anxious	caring	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm very to have dogs.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my youngest daughter had a cold.
3	22	faithful	caring	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i have always been faithful to my dogs.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was a child. i was very scared.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am very scared for my package to get here
1	22	afraid	caring	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was scared scared when the first time. a child.
7	22	sad	caring	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the time had had a cold.
12	17	excited	surprised	i was excited when i got to leave work early	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	heres to wishing i get a promo at work	waiting for a package to get here
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet last night.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i loaned my new neighbor our lawnmower.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my grandmother took care of me my whole life.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident last time i dressed up nice.	i felt very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i am very apprehensive these days.	i am very scared of myself.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been getting really bad headaches recently	i'm very cold for a dogs.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am honored i get visit china next year.	i am very happy when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt win the lottery	i was very surprised when i saw told me he still had his dogs.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my last day of work.	i am very scared of my first time. a child.
14	17	lonely	surprised	when i finished high school i went to live alone	when i saw a child for the first time as a child.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i'm looking forward to some fall weather.	i'm very happy for my dogs.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes the other day	my youngest daughter had a cold.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i will always stay with my husband no matter what	i have always been faithful to my dogs.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my friends are late to plans all the time.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was waiting for my certification exam results.	when i was waiting for my package to get here
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for my job search to begin.	i am very scared for my package to get here.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i felt scared walking home alone the other day.	i was very scared when my daughter was.
7	17	sad	surprised	the day i had to put my dog to sleep	the time had had a child. i was beyond scared.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my coworker had a cold. i had a cold. i have been worried!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
2	25	proud	anticipating	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my daughter daughter had a cold. i was a scared. i was scared scared!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared. i was scared scared!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
8	4	jealous	terrified	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my youngest daughter had a cold. i had a cold. i was so scared!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
2	4	proud	terrified	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was a scared. i was scared scared!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared. i was scared scared!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
8	22	jealous	caring	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my youngest daughter had a cold. i had a cold. i was so scared!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
2	22	proud	caring	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was a scared. i was scared scared!
27	22	hopeful	caring	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared. i was scared scared!
16	22	guilty	caring	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my parents bought me an older car, but my friend just got a brand new bmw from his parents! life is so not fair at all!	my youngest daughter had a cold. i had a cold. i was so scared!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was at a work dinner and i wanted to help open an expensive wine bottle. by mistake, it fell. i felt bad about it.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
2	17	proud	surprised	my friend was quite bad in school at first. then, out of nowhere, he started working really hard until he had a great gpa!	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was a scared. i was scared scared!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	my cat was sick at the vet but i was told in a dream that he was going to be ok, and i was very hopeful of that	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared. i was scared scared!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i was playing baseball in my backyard with my friends and when i hit the ball it flew over my fence and i heard a window get smashed.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i get not want to go here.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i saw a my dogs for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't get people or here or here
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i wish i was surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my youngest daughter had a cold.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i get very very very when my family.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i got a funnel cloud for the first time as a child.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it makes me feel so i have a good.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i get not want to go here.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
6	4	angry	terrified	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
8	4	jealous	terrified	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i can't believe people people or dogs.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember when a when when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
29	4	impressed	terrified	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my youngest daughter had a cold.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i get very very nos when my neighbor still still.
2	4	proud	terrified	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i got a funnel cloud for the first time as a child.
12	4	excited	terrified	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it makes me feel very good when my child
29	22	impressed	caring	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i do not have a to.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
6	22	angry	caring	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i saw a my dogs for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
8	22	jealous	caring	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	i can't believe people people or so.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember when a child when i was child.
29	22	impressed	caring	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child.
5	22	joyful	caring	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
31	22	devastated	caring	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my youngest daughter had a cold.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i get very very very when my neighbor told me.
2	22	proud	caring	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i got a funnel cloud for the first time as a child.
12	22	excited	caring	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
21	22	disappointed	caring	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it makes me feel so i have a good.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my date sure ate a lot for a small girl.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i do not want to go to school on monday.	i get not want to have here.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that i found decent work this summer	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
6	17	angry	surprised	i and my friend got into fist fight while playing football	i saw a my neighbor to for the first time as a child.
8	17	jealous	surprised	why can't i get what everyone is getting?	why can't get people or them or so.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when obama was president. time really flies.	i remember when my neighbor was me he still had his dogs.
29	17	impressed	surprised	saw this guy ate 3 bowls of large pho.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am so happy my sister just had a baby!	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw a dent in my door	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my cat just died, i had him for 10 years	my youngest daughter had a cold.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i always feel great when i think about old times.	i get very very very when my neighbor told me.
2	17	proud	surprised	i got an award for being employee of the month.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
12	17	excited	surprised	my spouse bought me a diamond necklace for my birthday.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it makes me feel so sad when i fail at something	it makes me feel so when my neighbor told me.
28	25	content	anticipating	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i get a very for for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
2	25	proud	anticipating	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	waiting for a package to get here
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i saw a had to for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	there's a cold to get here.
28	4	content	terrified	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i get a very for for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
2	4	proud	terrified	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	waiting for a package to get here
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
14	4	lonely	terrified	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
19	4	confident	terrified	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i was beyond scared.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i saw a funnel down for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
10	4	prepared	terrified	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	there's a cold to get here.
28	22	content	caring	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i get a very as as as as as i child. i was beyond scared.
2	22	proud	caring	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
14	22	lonely	caring	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
19	22	confident	caring	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i was beyond scared.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
20	22	furious	caring	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
31	22	devastated	caring	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i saw a child when i was a child. i was beyond scared.
10	22	prepared	caring	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	i haven't seen a dogs. i have been worried.
28	17	content	surprised	i slept in this morning. i was more than okay with that	i get a very for when my child told me he still had his dogs.
2	17	proud	surprised	it felt good when lebron left the cavs for the lakers	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad i stole my mom's car last weekend.	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw my boyfriend talking to his ex yesterday at walmart.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	the first time i went on a date made me feel very awkward	the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw my cousin coming inside the house	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
14	17	lonely	surprised	watched a really good love movie lately, reminds me of myself.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
19	17	confident	surprised	i felt confident when i finished my job interview for my current job	i felt very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was irked when i saw a dent in my car door	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a hair in my food while eating dinner last night.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am so mad i can't play soccer this season.	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i recently found that i was adopted. i felt terrible bad.	i saw a child when i was still had. i was beyond scared.
10	17	prepared	surprised	it's always best to be prepared before a big trip.	it's a cold. i have been worried.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	i had a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i saw a my neighbor for for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
28	25	content	anticipating	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a a to have had here as a child. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	i had a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
2	4	proud	terrified	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
28	4	content	terrified	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a a to for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i have been worried!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	i had a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
2	22	proud	caring	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i saw a my neighbor for for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared!
28	22	content	caring	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a a as to have here as a child. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	went for a visit to the place i grew up and it has gone down hill a lot since i was there last. very sad. a lot of the houses look so run down and dilapidated.	went to a child for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
2	17	proud	surprised	i sold my first painting last month. i have been working on my painting skills recently after taking a break for years. i decided to advertise them online, and i finally sold one!	i saw a my neighbor for for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared!
28	17	content	surprised	we just moved our family into a new house and finally finished unpacking, are all settled, and getting into a schedule again. i'm so happy and love being able to relax.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a court case coming up against someone who committed fraud against me. even though i'm sure i have enough evidence, i'm nervous that things won't go my way.	i have a very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my a neighbor had a cold. i was very scared.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i have a a for for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i saw a my neighbor to to get here. i had a child. i was beyond scared.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was a scared. i was beyond scared.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i had a a for for a week. a child. i was beyond scared.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	waiting for a package to get here for a week or so. i have been worried!
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared. i was beyond scared.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a very worried for my neighbor. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was a scared.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	waiting for a package to get here for a week or so. i have been worried!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i still told my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
2	25	proud	anticipating	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am very surprised with my neighbor neighbor still still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm very surprised to have dogs. i have had a dogs. i have been worried!
28	25	content	anticipating	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	a a't get here i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i was surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had had a my for for a child. i was beyond scared.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i had a had for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was so scared. i have been worried!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i have had a dogs. i have been worried. my neighbor had me. a child. i was beyond scared.
20	4	furious	terrified	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	a a pulled for for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
12	4	excited	terrified	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i have a a for for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i saw a my neighbor to to get here. i had a child. i was beyond scared.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was a scared. i was beyond scared.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i had a a for for a child. i was beyond scared.
29	4	impressed	terrified	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	waiting for a package to get here for a child. i was beyond scared.
2	4	proud	terrified	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was a scared. i was beyond scared.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a had a. i i am so scared. i have been worried.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was a scared.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	waiting for a package to get here for a week or so. i have been worried!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i still told my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
2	4	proud	terrified	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am very surprised with my neighbor neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm very surprised for the time as a child. i was beyond scared!
28	4	content	terrified	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the a were here. i have been worried. i was scared scared.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog had had a cold. i was very scared.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had had my neighbor to had a. i was still worried.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i had a had for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared. i was beyond scared.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
20	22	furious	caring	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
29	22	impressed	caring	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my a neighbor had a cold. i was very scared.
12	22	excited	caring	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i have a a to for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i saw a my neighbor to to get here. i was still scared. i have been worried!
24	22	disgusted	caring	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was a scared. i was beyond scared.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i had a a as to get here. i was beyond scared.
29	22	impressed	caring	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	waiting for a package to get here for a child. i was beyond scared.
2	22	proud	caring	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared. i was beyond scared.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a a. i i m worried worried. i have been worried!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
9	22	grateful	caring	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was a scared.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
26	22	anxious	caring	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	waiting for a package to get here for a week or so. so i have been worried!
26	22	anxious	caring	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i still told my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
2	22	proud	caring	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am very surprised with my neighbor neighbor still still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm very surprised to have dogs. i have had a dogs. i have been worried!
28	22	content	caring	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the a child had me. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i saw a funnel down for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
10	22	prepared	caring	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had had my neighbor to had a. i was still worried.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i had a child for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
29	22	impressed	caring	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was so scared. i have been worried!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
20	17	furious	surprised	i forgot to put on off! spray before i went outside and a bunch of bugs bit me up.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my coworker did this presentation at work that was very well done. i was proud of them.	my a neighbor had me a as i had a child. i was beyond scared.
12	17	excited	surprised	i get to take a cruise in a few weeks. finally, all my preparation has come to fruition	i have a very to for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my mom to help me when things went wrong with my husband but she let me donw.	i saw a my neighbor to to get here. i had a child. i was beyond scared.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	our daughter got roto - virus when she was a baby. the diapers she created were ridiculous!	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was a scared. i was beyond scared.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i got invited to speak at a conference, but i'm not sure i want to do it.	i got a a as to get here. i was so scared.
29	17	impressed	surprised	after going from foster home to foster home, my buddy won a full ride scholarship to our state college.	waiting for a package to get here here or a, or a. so i have been worried!
2	17	proud	surprised	my dad had a problem with drinking and it created problems. when he finally quit i was very proud.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared. i was beyond scared.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a huge test tomorrow and i am so nervous. i don't feel ready for it.	i have a very worried. i have been worried. i have been worried!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland the other day. i haven't been since i was a kid!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my neighbor returned my golf clubs the other day. left them on the golf course. i was thankful.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was a cold. i was beyond scared.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i saw my friend projectile vomit on the rollercoaster. the smell still haunts me...	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the final exam for my linear algebra summer class is in a week and i do not feel prepared for it	waiting for a package to get here for a week or so. so i have been worried!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i miss my dog. i wish i would've spent more time with her when she was alive.	i still told my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
2	17	proud	surprised	i am visiting my kid that is in college today. i will be going to the area very soon!	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm always ready to go to work. i have routine that makes me so pysched!	i'm very surprised for my dogs, have a dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
28	17	content	surprised	i am content with my life right now, i have a girlfriend, good friends, and a great family	i am very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	the hotdog i had tasted pretty funky. i'm not sure if it's gone bad.	the a child. i was very scared. i have been worried.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so sick when i had to clean it up.	my dog daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found pictures of when i was young, going camping with my grandparents. those we such perfect times.	i saw a when when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had to renew my drivers license by taking a test. i really wanted to be ready for it.	i had had my neighbor to had a. i was still worried.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am appreciative of my family, they are very nice to me and make me feel loved	i am very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i went on four job interviews last week. i have a good feeling i will get an offer soon.	i had a child for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my husband actually did the laundry without my having to ask him to do it. he never does that.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was so scared. i have been worried!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i spent some time today going through old photos. reminds me of when my kids were so much younger.	i still have a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i had a very child when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i still have a dogs when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
7	25	sad	anticipating	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i saw a told me to get my dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
31	4	devastated	terrified	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a child when i had had dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
7	4	sad	terrified	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i still have a dogs when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
7	4	sad	terrified	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
9	22	grateful	caring	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
13	22	annoyed	caring	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i saw a neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
31	22	devastated	caring	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a child when i had had dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
7	22	sad	caring	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i have a very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
29	22	impressed	caring	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
7	22	sad	caring	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i feel so wonderful and blessed to have an amazing girlfriend. she is very understanding, like one time i was sick and she made me soup from scratch and a tea to help my throat.	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when i went to pick up my pod from the place i was told it wasn't there. they had moved it 30 miles away without telling us when we confirmed earlier in the day.	when i saw a told me when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
31	17	devastated	surprised	there was a small kitten that was hanging around my house. my neighbor brought it in from the heat, but didn't know how to care for cats and it end up passing away.	there was a child when i had my dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i was in the grocery store and saw a ton of old foods that i used to love eating like lil debbie cakes. it made me really remember the good ol days of being a kid.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
7	17	sad	surprised	i keep seeing a poor little black kitty running around outside every night. you can tell they are hungry. he won't come near me and my house can't hold another cat.	i still have a dogs when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was at a talent show and i saw a man playing an entire song by himself, he played the guitar, drums, and sang all at once, it was really crazy to see.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
7	17	sad	surprised	my 2 youngest children will both be in high school this year. i can't believe they have grown up so fast. time has flown by and i just want it to slow down.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i felt all alone yesterday	i was very scared when my daughter.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i fell bad about myself	i was very scared
14	4	lonely	terrified	i felt all alone yesterday	i was very surprised when my daughter died.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i fell bad about myself	i get very disappointed.
14	22	lonely	caring	i felt all alone yesterday	i was very scared when my daughter.
16	22	guilty	caring	i fell bad about myself	i was very scared.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i felt all alone yesterday	i was very surprised when my neighbor died.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i fell bad about myself	i get very disappointed.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i had a cold. i was very scared. i was scared scared.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the a as a child. i have been worried for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	waiting for a package to get here, i was a child. i was beyond scared.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the a child had had a cold. i have been worried!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just a a for for a time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i had had had my neighbor had had a. i had been seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
23	4	trusting	terrified	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried.
7	4	sad	terrified	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i had a cold. i was very scared. i was scared scared.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the a of people were here for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i have been worried!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	waiting for a package to get here, i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just a a cloud for for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i saw a had had for my first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
23	22	trusting	caring	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried.
7	22	sad	caring	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i had a cold. i was very scared. i was scared scared.
21	22	disappointed	caring	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the a child had had been here. i have been scared. them. a week or so. so i have been worried!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
9	22	grateful	caring	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
15	22	ashamed	caring	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when a child was, i was was scared. i was very scared. my daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
26	22	anxious	caring	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	the youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
14	22	lonely	caring	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i saw a had had for my dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
23	17	trusting	surprised	my girlfriend said she was going to catch up with her ex boyfriend over coffee. i am sure that nothing shady will go on between them.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried.
7	17	sad	surprised	my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me the day of going to college. i couldn't focus that day and i felt depressed.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was a child. i was beyond scared.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	the way our major parties are behaving toward each other is very hopeless picture to imagine. so sad for our country's political discourse	the way a people here for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i have been worried!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was taking a shower at the public pool. i took off my clothes and got in and then finished and realized someone stole my clothes!	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was jobless but recently i found a job. i will be able pay my bills and avoid be evicted from my appartment.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	back in school, when i was playing soccer with my friends, i accidentally tackled my friend. he was very angry and i felt guilty.	when a child was was, i was still had my dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i needed a form from my rental office but no one would answer the phone. i called like 10 times. i really need that form.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the site i have a subscription hasnt updated in 1 week with no news as to what's happening. i paid for 2 years.	one time i have a cold, i have been worried. i have been worried!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt so bad when i saw that i had accidentally run over my neighbor's rose bush. she worked so hard growing her flowers.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just started a month long class for work in a town that i have never been. i feel so isolated in my hotel by myself.	i just a a as for a child. i was beyond scared. i was scared scared.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out my brother had to get checked into rehab! i had no idea he had a problem and am quite upset over it!	i saw a had had for my dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i wish i had my mother back!	i can a very when to get here
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	came home to find my leftovers gone	waiting for a package to get here
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am very scared of my dogs.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i used to play football in high school	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was lebron james.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time. a child.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son just started walking this week.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i a funnel cloud for the first time as a child.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my neighbor daughter had a cold.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like person who are honestly with me	i get very surprised when my dogs dogs.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat vomited on my rug today	my youngest daughter had a cold.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am very scared for the first time as a child.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	looking through my old yearbook the other day	looking through my old dogs had a child.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am very happy when i have the time.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust president trump all the way.	i love my dogs.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got a a for for a child.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i wish i had my mother back!	i get get had my dogs.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	came home to find my leftovers gone	waiting for a package to get here
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am very scared of my dogs.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i used to play football in high school	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was lebron james.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
6	4	angry	terrified	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time. a child.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son just started walking this week.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my neighbor daughter had a cold.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like person who are honestly with me	i get very surprised when my dogs dogs.
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat vomited on my rug today	my youngest daughter had a cold.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am very surprised for the first time as a child.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	looking through my old yearbook the other day	looking through my old dogs had a child.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust president trump all the way.	i love the old dogs.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got a a for for a child.
14	22	lonely	caring	i wish i had my mother back!	i still get my dogs when i have been.
21	22	disappointed	caring	came home to find my leftovers gone	waiting for a package to get here
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am very scared of my dogs.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i used to play football in high school	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child.
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was lebron james.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
6	22	angry	caring	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i saw a funnel dogs for the first time. a child.
2	22	proud	caring	my son just started walking this week.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
0	22	sentimental	caring	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child.
31	22	devastated	caring	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my neighbor daughter had a cold.
23	22	trusting	caring	i like person who are honestly with me	i get very surprised when my dogs dogs.
6	22	angry	caring	my cat vomited on my rug today	my youngest daughter had a cold.
12	22	excited	caring	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am very scared for the first time as a child.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	looking through my old yearbook the other day	looking through my old dogs had a cold.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am very scared when i saw a child.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust president trump all the way.	i love the old dogs.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got a a for for a child.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i wish i had my mother back!	i get get my dogs when i have been worried.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	came home to find my leftovers gone	waiting for a package to get here
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to see taylor swift.	i am very surprised with my daughter.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i used to play football in high school	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was lebron james.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
6	17	angry	surprised	i dropped my laptop and broke it.	i saw a my dogs.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son just started walking this week.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	we sent flowers for my grandmothers funeral	i a funnel cloud for the first time as a child.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my grandmother passed away i destroyed.	when my neighbor daughter had a cold.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like person who are honestly with me	i get very surprised when my dogs dogs.
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat vomited on my rug today	my youngest daughter had a cold.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am excited for the baseball playoffs.	i am very surprised when my daughter daughter.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	looking through my old yearbook the other day	looking through my old dogs had a child.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy i survived the weekend.	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust president trump all the way.	i love my dogs.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i got caught cheating on a math assignment	i got a a for a week.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my youngest daughter had a cold. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my daughter daughter had a cold. i was so. i have been worried.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	people people are my dogs or still have a child. i was beyond scared.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i haven't seen my dogs in a week or so. so i have been worried!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
28	25	content	anticipating	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am very surprised with my neighbor to to have here. i have been worried.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	when my daughter had a cold. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i see a very close for my neighbor have a dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have a a to for for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i forgot my my neighbor to get here as a child. i was beyond scared.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my youngest daughter had a cold. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very surprised. i was beyond scared.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	people people my neighbor are still still. the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i haven't seen my dogs in a week or so. so i have been worried!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
28	4	content	terrified	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am very surprised with my neighbor neighbor. he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared. i was worried scared.
8	4	jealous	terrified	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i see a people for for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my youngest daughter had a cold. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
24	22	disgusted	caring	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	people people my neighbor are still still. i have a dogs. i have been scared.
16	22	guilty	caring	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i haven't seen my neighbor in a week or so. so i have been worried!
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
28	22	content	caring	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am very surprised with my neighbor neighbor. he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
8	22	jealous	caring	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i see a neighbor or get them or a as i have been worried!
10	22	prepared	caring	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was eating a hot dog at school. i started laughing and almost choked in from of the entire school.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother, who raised me, just passed away unexpectedly. i don't know how to process this!	my youngest daughter had a cold. i still have been worried!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad passed away last year. he left me his watch that wear everyday. its a nice memento.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was so scared. i have been worried.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was little and we would go to the park almost every sunday.... great memories	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	most people in the 90's loved michael jordan, but he always beat my favorite team in the finals.	every time my neighbor neighbor me he still have his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i haven't even tried my new diet yet. i think i'm doomed to be fat forever.	i haven't seen my neighbor or a. so i have been worried!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was given a gift from my spouse, someone wanted to borrow it but i could not lend it out.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
28	17	content	surprised	i am fine with eating salads and sandwiches on this new diet. i think it is going to work.	i am very surprised with my neighbor neighbor. he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was born, i didnt want to sleep. i wanted to sit and watch her sleep.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was so scared. i have been worried!
8	17	jealous	surprised	when i see a high end cars on the roadside. i just envy them. did they manage to buy them	when i see a people for my dogs. i have have seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have to make a 6 foot sub for my coworkers. i am ready to get that done.	i have a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i forgot to close my zip after using the washroom and i walked into the boardroom unknowingly	i forgot my my neighbor to get them as a child. i was beyond scared.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving through my neighborhood when a car backed out of their driveway without looking. i was so mad.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i had a very to have had my dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i had a very to have had my dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i had a very to have had my dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to take a writing class, but i won't know anyone and haven't been to school in so long. i'm not sure whether i should do it.	i had a very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	4	prepared	terrified	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i had a cold. i had been worried!
10	22	prepared	caring	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	17	prepared	surprised	my husband and i recently got a new puppy. we have dogs already, but we haven't had a puppy in a long time. i had to make sure i went out and got the proper food for him, some puppy toys, a new collar, and a few other essentials. i felt like i had everything ready for his arrival.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	there was a when when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	there was a child when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
21	22	disappointed	caring	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	there was a child when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
9	22	grateful	caring	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	it was my birthday and i just knew my dad was gonna get me a car for my 16th. i couldnt believe it when he got me a mercedes. what a piece of crap, i wanted a mclaren	there was a when when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband and i made the decision that i would stay home with our kids. i'm so thankful to him for working so hard to allow me to be able to do that and homeschool them.	when my daughter had a cold. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i'm so glad we have cell phones now as my friend accidentally left my apartment with an important document. i had to call him and set up a meeting to get it back in time for my presentation!	i'm very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
6	25	angry	anticipating	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my youngest daughter had a cold. i had a cold. i was so scared!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
28	25	content	anticipating	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	waiting for a package to get here here or here. i have been worried.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i had a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
20	25	furious	anticipating	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	a a child was me as a child. i was beyond scared. i was scared scared.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
6	4	angry	terrified	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was a scared. i had been worried!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
28	4	content	terrified	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	waiting for a package to get here here or a. so i have been worried.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
20	4	furious	terrified	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	a saw a child for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
6	22	angry	caring	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
31	22	devastated	caring	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared. i had been worried!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
28	22	content	caring	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	waiting for a package to get here, here or a. i have been worried.
16	22	guilty	caring	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
20	22	furious	caring	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	a a child was i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
14	22	lonely	caring	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i was surprised by a neighbor for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared!
6	17	angry	surprised	some left their garbage outside of the dumpster in my apartment complex. now at night there are a bunch of raccoons outside.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my partner and i had a very fierce argument last night. she left the house and i do not know if she will ever come back	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was so scared. i have been worried!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i pooped my pants on a ride at disneyworld a few months back, it stunk up the place but no one suspected me	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
28	17	content	surprised	on my birthday, i was able to kick back and have a couple beers with my family and friends. it was a good birthday.	waiting for a package to get here, here or a. so i have been worried.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i got hit on by my ex the other day. i felt bad because i didnt want my girlfriend to know that i liked it	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
20	17	furious	surprised	in my class at school someone was making fun of me. at one point i couldn't take it so i shouted at him.	a a child was was still hit by a child. i was beyond scared. i was scared scared.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when i was young, if your parents wanted to know where you were, they'd go looking for your bicycle lol	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i work from home now, and at times its so quiet, i wish i had the company of coworkers to talk to.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i fell off in between the aisles when doing grocery shopping at walmart. everybody was looking at me like i was some kind of alien	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i had a had had my dogs. i had had a dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i had a had had my dogs. i had had a. i was very scared. i had been worried!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently had a my for for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i had been worried!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i just went for my yearly physical and thought everything was good, but i got a call that the doctor wanted to talk to me about some blood work. its awful because they aren't open until tomorrow so they haven't gotten back to me yet.	i recently had a my neighbor to i had had a. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am very surprised for my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	when i get a very close, my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my best daughter had a cold. i was so scared. i have been worried!
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
19	4	confident	terrified	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am very surprised for my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
8	4	jealous	terrified	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	sometimes i get very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
9	4	grateful	terrified	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my best daughter had a cold. i was still had a dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
2	4	proud	terrified	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
19	22	confident	caring	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
8	22	jealous	caring	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	when i see a very close, my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
9	22	grateful	caring	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was so scared. i had been worried!
2	22	proud	caring	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
16	22	guilty	caring	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
19	17	confident	surprised	i am up for promotion and i am confident that out of four candidates i will get the job. i should get it because i do the best work ad have the best attitude.	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
8	17	jealous	surprised	boy, i feel envious of my wife. she gets to work whenever she wants, and spends time with our daughter whenever she wants. i need to find a real job.	when i see a very close neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
9	17	grateful	surprised	when my dog ran out of my house my neighbor was able to catch him. i am so happy i have such a nice neighbor. he does things for me all the time.	my best friend had had my first. i was so i have been worried!
2	17	proud	surprised	i was in college for 8 years. i didn't get done until the end of 2017. i graduated high school in 2009 felt so proud when i was done with school.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i didn't sleep well last night, and then my son was being extra demanding of attention. i got upset with him, but realize he'd really done nothing wrong.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	22	prepared	caring	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm a very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i'm not an alcoholic. but i feel like i'm more ready to vibe with a chick if i've started drinking because i'm more relaxed and tend to say stuff i usually filter out in normal conversation	i'm very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared!
12	4	excited	terrified	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
12	22	excited	caring	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
12	17	excited	surprised	i texted one of my old buddies from years and years ago and he not only responded, but we met up for lunch yesterday and had a great time! now we're gonna hang out again on sunday and i'm so pumped!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i'm been surprised with my neighbor to to have dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i'm been surprised with my neighbor to to get here as a child. i had been seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i'm been surprised with my neighbor to to get here as a child. i had been seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i've been calling my coworker the wrong name for the past three months. they finally decided to say something about it today. the worst part is i wasn't even close with the name i had been calling them. they're so nice and i felt so bad	i'm been surprised with my neighbor to to get here. i have been seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my daughter had a cold.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	waiting for a package to get here
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son took his first steps.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i looked through an old photo album	i had a funnel dogs for the first time as a child.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	me and my girlfriend broke up.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone hit me a cold.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss my times in college.	i have my my dogs.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i got a scholarship for college.	i a a child for a child.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my daughter had a cold.
10	4	prepared	terrified	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	waiting for a package to get here
2	4	proud	terrified	my son took his first steps.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i looked through an old photo album	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child.
14	4	lonely	terrified	me and my girlfriend broke up.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone hit my package to get here
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss my times in college.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time. a child.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i got a scholarship for college.	i a a child for a child.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my daughter had a cold.
10	22	prepared	caring	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	waiting for a package to get here
2	22	proud	caring	my son took his first steps.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i looked through an old photo album	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child.
14	22	lonely	caring	me and my girlfriend broke up.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
20	22	furious	caring	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone hit my car.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss my times in college.	i saw a my dogs.
5	22	joyful	caring	i got a scholarship for college.	i a a child.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	found a yearbook from when i graduated	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when my friend wanted to borrow money	when my daughter had a cold.
10	17	prepared	surprised	feeling confident about an upcoming test.	waiting for a package to get here
2	17	proud	surprised	my son took his first steps.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i looked through an old photo album	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child.
14	17	lonely	surprised	me and my girlfriend broke up.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone crashed into my car yesterday.	someone hit my car.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss my times in college.	i miss my old dogs.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i got a scholarship for college.	i a a child.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i was a child, i had had a dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was a child told me i had had dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i was a child, i had had a dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	i saw a very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i was a child, i was very scared. my neighbor had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was a child, i had had a dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i had my first born child i was so anxious and fearful about every little thing with him. i swear i would watch him sleep just in case something would go wrong, at least i would be right there.	when i was a child, i had had a. i was so scared. i had been worried!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was a brand new mom, i had to run to target for pumping supplies and my son wouldn't stop screaming. i was so flustered i just left and asked my mom to go get them!	when i was a child, i had had my dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	a saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	someone saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	someone saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone asked me to come pick them up at a specific place at a specific time. i was a little busy at the time, but i relented. then they sat there and took 30 minutes longer than they said they would, and i had to sit around waiting in the car. how are people that inconsiderate?	someone saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	it was a very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	it was a very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	there was a very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	it was such an experience to trip and fall right in front of an extremely attractive male at walmart of all places. i had my coffee in my hand and it spilled all over my lap and of course i was wearing white and had a giant ( burning ) coffee stain all over my clothes!	it was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i saw a a child. i was scared scared. i was scared scared. i had been worried!
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i saw a a child. i was scared scared. i was scared scared. i had been worried!
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i saw a a child. i was scared scared. i was scared scared. i had been worried!
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i saw a 64gb flash drive plugged into a computer. i really needed one so i just took it since it didn't have any information on it, but i couldn't help but feel bad about it.	one time i saw a a child. i was scared scared. i was scared scared. i had been worried!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had had a very to for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i had been scared. i had been worried!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	one time was a child when i had my dogs. i had been seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
20	4	furious	terrified	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
19	4	confident	terrified	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had had a dogs for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i had been scared. i had been worried!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	yesterday was a child when i had my dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
20	22	furious	caring	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
19	22	confident	caring	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had had a dogs. i had had a dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	yesterday was a child when i had had a child. i was still scared. i had had dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was cooking a roasted chicken in the oven one time and went outside to work. i forgot to put the timer on and it came out over cooked and completely dry. had to eat something else.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
19	17	confident	surprised	i knew going into the state championship that we had a great chance to win the title but after three of my athletes who weren't suppose to place, did place. i knew we had it.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i had to complete a project at work with my team. unfortunatley i was the only one dedicated to actually doing it. the rest of my team just sat around and watched me scramble.	i had had a dogs. i had had a dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	last week was so hectic. one day, i left the house in my pajamas and did not realize it until my daughter pointed it out when i came into her school to drop off her project.	one time when i was a child, i had had a child. i was beyond scared. i had been worried!
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i had had had my dogs. i had had a dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	once i had had a when i had had a child. i was beyond scared. i had been worried!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been been very for my neighbor to have dogs. i have been worried!
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i had had had my dogs. i had had a dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	once i saw a funnel down for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was scared scared.
26	4	anxious	terrified	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
7	4	sad	terrified	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been been very with my neighbor neighbor me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i had had my neighbor had had a dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	once a child was had had my first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was scared scared.
26	22	anxious	caring	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
7	22	sad	caring	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been been very neighbor for my neighbor. he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted my sister to get everything she deserved in life. she struggled for 7 months trying to have a baby with her husband, but i had no doubt that it would eventually happen for them on god's time.	i had had my neighbor had had my dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i went to a grocery store and picked all my items. however, when i went to buy my groceries, my card declined. i was so ashamed that i had to leave my groceries and call my bank.	when i saw a told me to get here. i had a child. i was scared scared. i had been worried!
26	17	anxious	surprised	when i was younger scary movie characters used to pop in my head before i would go to sleep. i would wake up in a cold sweat, nervous that the ghoul was under my bed or behind my door.	when i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
7	17	sad	surprised	i have been struggling with a flare up from my lupus after i had such a long period of feeling good. its depressing to be in bed all day and fail your family in what you need to be doing.	i have been been my neighbor neighbor to me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i had a cold. i was very scared. i had been worried!
21	22	disappointed	caring	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i had a cold. i was very scared. i had been worried!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my boss called to tell me that i would be receiving a package the next day, and that i should call her before opening it. i was really hoping that it was a special award that my company gives to deserving employees, but it turned out to be some personnel paperwork that she needed to go over with me.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was still scared to have had them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was a scared. i had been worried. i had been worried!
6	25	angry	anticipating	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was a scared. i had been worried!
6	4	angry	terrified	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was a child. i was beyond scared. i had been worried!
6	22	angry	caring	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my 5 year old started kindergarten last week. she was nervouse and started to cry and cling to me when i went to leave. the teacher pulled her away and becuase she had ahold of my shirt she ended up yanking it down.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was a child. i was beyond scared. i had been worried!
6	17	angry	surprised	i got a dog from the pound laxst week. and they said all of its shots were included in the initial payment. come to find out i had to pay $ 40 extra on top of the $ 50 i initialy paid and i was furious.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my daughter had me a cold. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my daughter had me a cold. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my daughter had me a i had had had. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my son used to throw fits when he was in elementary school when i was dropping him off for school. i didn't know what to do and always hated that other people saw it. they probably thought i was beating him.	my daughter had me a cold. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
31	4	devastated	terrified	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
31	22	devastated	caring	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
31	17	devastated	surprised	when i was much younger, i fell in love deeply in love with a woman, with whom i wanted to spend the rest of my life. after three months of being with her she left. she told me she didn't love me, even though she had told me she did and even went so far as to deny she ever said she did.	when i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am very surprised with my neighbor neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i have been worried!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i can very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
2	25	proud	anticipating	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am very surprised with my neighbor neighbor. he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	waiting for a package to get here
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	last week my neighbor had me. i still have been worried.
7	25	sad	anticipating	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a a child, i was very scared. i was beyond scared.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i saw a very to for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	once i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i get a for for for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a a had to get here for a week or so. i have been worried!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am very surprised with my neighbor neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i have been worried!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i can very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
2	4	proud	terrified	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i am very surprised by my neighbor. i still have a dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am very surprised with my neighbor neighbor. he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	waiting a package to get here for a child
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	someone took a my package to a week. i was beyond scared.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
31	4	devastated	terrified	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	last year my neighbor had me. i was still scared.
7	4	sad	terrified	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a a child, i was very scared. i was beyond scared.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
1	4	afraid	terrified	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i get a for for for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
31	4	devastated	terrified	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a a had to get here for a week, so i have been worried!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
8	22	jealous	caring	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am very surprised with my neighbor neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i can't believe my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
2	22	proud	caring	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
1	22	afraid	caring	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
14	22	lonely	caring	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am very surprised with my neighbor neighbor. he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
6	22	angry	caring	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
9	22	grateful	caring	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	waiting for a package to get here
5	22	joyful	caring	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
20	22	furious	caring	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	someone stole a package to get here. i was beyond scared.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
31	22	devastated	caring	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	i saw my neighbor neighbor for his first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
7	22	sad	caring	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a a child, i was very scared. i was beyond scared.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
26	22	anxious	caring	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
2	22	proud	caring	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
28	22	content	caring	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
1	22	afraid	caring	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	yesterday i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
29	22	impressed	caring	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	22	prepared	caring	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
31	22	devastated	caring	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a a child had to get here as a child. i was beyond scared.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am jealous of some of my classmates because they succeed professionally better then me.	i am very surprised with my neighbor neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i cant believe my daughter is already procrastinating. school just started	i can very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
2	17	proud	surprised	my dog nursed me back to health. she's such a sweetheart.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i am home alone and i just heard a noise upstairs. this is scary.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i am very lonely with my man away at treatment but it's necessary.	i am very surprised with my neighbor neighbor. he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was having a great day until someone rear ended my bumper on the way home	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was outside playing with my dogs today and felt wonderful enjoying the nice day!	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am happy with my life now, i have a good girlfriend and friend group	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	this car nearly hit me head on while driving down the freeway at a medium speed	waiting a package to get here for a child
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was so happy for my brother, he won a karate tournemant.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone took my laptop from my car. i am so angry someone stole it.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was getting in a taxi and noticed someone had thrown up in the backseat.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
31	17	devastated	surprised	last year my grandmother passed away. it's still hard to cope with.	last year my neighbor had me. i was so scared.
7	17	sad	surprised	a day before yesterday, my cat died. i was very very sorrowful.	a a child, i was very scared. i was beyond scared.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i passed gas in the middle of church. i am so ashamed of myself.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i felt nervous about a meeting at work where i had to do a presentation.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was able to get my finances under control and have paid off some debts.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very content last week. i was on a boat in the sunshine.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i may be able to get a new car by the end of the week!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
1	17	afraid	surprised	last night i heard a windows shatter in my house and i was home alone.	yesterday, saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy to see that my son got perfect attendance for the entire school year	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i was enjoyed the broadway show hamilton. i didn't think i would.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i studied all week for my exam this morning. i knew i would do well	i get lost my my first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
31	17	devastated	surprised	a bad storm with a tornado almost went through my town, i was so scared	a a child had to get here as a child. i was beyond scared.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my favorite pizza joint went out of business. i am so angry about it.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	" my youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried. i had been seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	4	prepared	terrified	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	" my youngest daughter had a cold. i had a cold. i have been worried!
10	22	prepared	caring	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	" my youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried! i have been worried!
10	17	prepared	surprised	" my girlfriend is going through a tough process of finding a job after graduating. she's hearing a lot of " " no's. " " she's going to an interview later today for a job she really wants, and i'm worried it will be another no. trying to make sure the evening is nice and comfortable afterwards to ease the pain, if there is any. "	" my youngest daughter had a cold. i have been worried. i had been worried!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i saw a a as to get here. i was a scared. i was scared scared.
6	25	angry	anticipating	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	as a child, i was very scared. i was scared scared. i had a scared. i was scared scared.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i have been very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i saw a a as to get here. i was a scared. i was scared scared.
6	4	angry	terrified	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	as a child, i was very scared. i was scared scared. i had a scared. i was scared scared.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm been surprised with my neighbor to still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i have been very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
16	22	guilty	caring	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i saw a a as to get here. i was so scared. i had been worried!
6	22	angry	caring	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	as a child, i was very scared. i was scared scared. i had a scared. i was scared scared.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm very surprised with my neighbor neighbor to have dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i have had been when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i told my friend that a guy didn't like her. i like him so i didn't want her to go after him. i feed bad though because he might have a thing for her,	i saw a a as to get as a child. i was beyond scared. i was scared scared.
6	17	angry	surprised	at work today, i got blamed for a problem that i had nothing to do with. a report was written incorrectly, and i was blamed for the incorrect figures even though i didn't provide them.	as a child, i was very scared. i was scared scared. i had been scared. i had been worried!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i've spent so much time the last few days going through old photos and trying to organize them. but today i stopped and looked at all the pictures of my girls when they were so very little.	i'm very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always have the highest hopes for my boyfriend and his work. when he found out that they weren't going to give him a raise because he left early too many days, i was extremely disappointed.	i get very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
3	25	faithful	anticipating	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	me and my neighbor had me have had them. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
3	4	faithful	terrified	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	me and my neighbor had me he had had dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
3	22	faithful	caring	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
3	17	faithful	surprised	me and my husband have a great relationship. we are determined to be together forever. we love each other so much and would do anything to make the other one happy.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" i saw a very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" a saw a as to get here as a child. i was beyond scared. i had had them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	" a child had had my dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	watching someone stream an old video game on twitch, one that i used to play. it's one that's like almost 20 years old, that i used to play when i was 11. makes me wish i didn't have so many bills and responsibilities!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really get very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't like people who or dogs.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i've been very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	waiting for a package to get here
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i get a very nervous when my daughter. a week.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i am very surprised with my dogs dogs. i have been scared.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	waiting for a package to get here
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i can't believe my daughter. i.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i i had a nice when my neighbor told me he had his dogs.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	waiting for a package to get here here
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i get very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my youngest daughter had a cold.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i i saw a as to get here as a child.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am very surprised with a package to get here. i have been worried!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i get very very when my my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have a my wife. i am so scared.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	waiting for a package to get here
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i get my my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
6	4	angry	terrified	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really get very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't like people people or dogs.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i have been very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i saw at get for my first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i am very surprised with my dogs dogs. i have been worried!
31	4	devastated	terrified	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	waiting for a package to get here
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i feel very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i i had a nice when my neighbor told me he had his dogs.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
16	4	guilty	terrified	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i myself for for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i get very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
14	4	lonely	terrified	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my youngest daughter had a cold.
1	4	afraid	terrified	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am very surprised with a package to get here!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
2	4	proud	terrified	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i get very very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have a my dogs. i am so scared.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
7	4	sad	terrified	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	waiting for a package to get here
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i told my neighbor to get his dogs. i was beyond scared.
6	22	angry	caring	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really get a very scared to get here
23	22	trusting	caring	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't like people people or dogs.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i have been very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i saw a very close to get here when i was.
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i'm very surprised with my dogs dogs. i have been scared.
31	22	devastated	caring	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	waiting for a package to get here
27	22	hopeful	caring	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i feel very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
23	22	trusting	caring	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i saw a very surprised when my neighbor told me he had his dogs.
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
16	22	guilty	caring	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	i myself for a here for the first time as a child.
8	22	jealous	caring	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i get very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
14	22	lonely	caring	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my youngest daughter had a cold.
1	22	afraid	caring	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i saw a funnel down when i get a child.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am very surprised with a. i have been worried!
14	22	lonely	caring	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
2	22	proud	caring	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i get very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have a my. i i am so scared.
14	22	lonely	caring	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
7	22	sad	caring	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	one time i had a cold. i was very scared.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i get my my neighbor had his dogs. i was beyond scared.
6	17	angry	surprised	i really do not like the new text and drive laws.	i really get very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i don't feel that people are very trust worthy.	i don't like people who my dogs.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i should be asleep right now! it's the weekend	i get very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	to believe my friend who said she didnt tell my secret	i told a very to when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend, i feel bad about it.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited about teh spanish football season starting soon	i am very surprised with my neighbor neighbor. he still had his dogs.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my friend's mom isn't doing too well.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	not sure if i want to ride the coasters!!	waiting for a package to get here
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i feel like i'm getting sick....	i feel very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked into the wrong class on the first day of college	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i knew it shouldnt have trusted by brother with my dog	i i had a when when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom went on a diet and lost 40lbs.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was early for an appointment and was told to go back	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
16	17	guilty	surprised	after killing all those people i am now having second thoughts.	waiting for a package to get here here
8	17	jealous	surprised	i really wish i could sing better, like michael jackson.	i get very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
14	17	lonely	surprised	when my kids are in school, i get lonely sometimes.	when my youngest daughter had a cold.
1	17	afraid	surprised	anytime i see a bear, i run the other way.	i saw a very when when when i had a child. i was beyond scared.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am expecting a very big settlement. i can not wait	i am very surprised with my neighbor. i have been worried!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i spent a lot of time by myself as a child.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
2	17	proud	surprised	i feel proud of myself when i reach a new milestone.	i get very very when my my neighbor told me he still had his dogs.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have my final exam tomorrow. i am so nervous!	i have a my wife. i am so scared.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was very alone before i met my girlfriend and friend group	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
7	17	sad	surprised	my dog died 5 minutes ago. i am so distraught.	my youngest daughter had a cold.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time i lied about being sick so could skip work.	every time a child. i was beyond scared.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trusted my brother would pay back the loan i gave him	i told my neighbor told me he had his dogs. i was beyond scared.
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i had my neighbor told me i had had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i was surprised when a neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have been very for my neighbor to get here. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my youngest daughter had a cold. i had a cold. i was beyond scared.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm very surprised to have dogs. i have have been worried!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i saw a very nos when when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i just had a nice for for my first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i had a very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	there was a child when my neighbor told me he had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i saw a to get here for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a a child had me as a child. i was a scared. a child.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
19	4	confident	terrified	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i saw a my neighbor to me i had a child. i was scared scared. i had been worried!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i saw a very scared for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
19	4	confident	terrified	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have been very for my neighbor to get here. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my neighbor had had a cold. i had a cold. i was very scared.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm very surprised to have dogs. i have been worried!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i had a very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	4	prepared	terrified	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	there was a child when my neighbor told me he had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i had had a nice to get here. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
29	4	impressed	terrified	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a a neighbor told me he had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
19	22	confident	caring	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i saw a my neighbor told me he had had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i saw a very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
19	22	confident	caring	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have been very for my neighbor to get here. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
8	22	jealous	caring	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was a scared. i was beyond scared.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
29	22	impressed	caring	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm very surprised to have dogs. i have have been worried!
15	22	ashamed	caring	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i saw a funnel down when my time when i was a child. i was beyond scared.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
14	22	lonely	caring	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i had a very down for a child and i was a child. i was beyond scared.
10	22	prepared	caring	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	there was a child when my neighbor told me he had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
27	22	hopeful	caring	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i had a very to for my first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
29	22	impressed	caring	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a a neighbor told me he had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
19	17	confident	surprised	when i renewed my drivers license i had to take a driving test. i felt that i would pass for sure.	when i had my neighbor told me i had had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i once was walking down the stairs ( not paying attention ) and ran into a glass wall right in front of everyone	i i saw a funnel down for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was really looking forward to camping, but now it is going to rain, so i won't go.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
19	17	confident	surprised	i have been preparing for my job interview tomorrow. i think i am going to knock it out of the park.	i have been very for my neighbor to get here. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my grandma gave me and my cousin a scratch off lottery ticket. i didnt win. my cousin won $ 100	my neighbor had me had had had a. i was so scared. i have been worried!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was irritated when i was at the airport and someone cut in line. they only saved themselves about 30 seconds.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went a saw a play my 12 year old was in and i was very impressed with the production of it.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i found an old box with my baby's umbilical cord stump in it and it brought back memories.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to try a new chinese recipe, i prepared well. i hope it'll taste better.	i'm very surprised to have dogs. i have have been worried!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	this morning when i met my friend, i had indigestion. i passed gas and it smelled terrible.	i saw a funnel down when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i was employed as a sales rep in my company, with diligence, i'll someday be a manager	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i just moved into my new one bedroom apartment. i kind of miss my roommate already. its so quite now.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i went to set at dinner with a girl who i thought was my girlfriend. my girlfriend saw the whole thing.	i had a very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	17	prepared	surprised	it was my first time taking the dmv test. i went there rather early and aced the test.	there was a child when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i am disappointed by nintendo, they announced a direct but only for one game, when they usually announce many new ones	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i finally get to got school shopping today. i can't wait. i hope i find somed bargains	i had a very to for my daughter. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
29	17	impressed	surprised	a friend of mine from childhood just told me he got in early on google stock and is a multi - millionaire.	a a neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	was at the store the other day and this random lady kept asking me my political party. she was very weird.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i still get a cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i have a very neighbor when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone threw a me for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have a a for for a week. i am so scared.
28	25	content	anticipating	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i have a very to for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
28	25	content	anticipating	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to get here for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i have had some dogs. i have been worried!
28	25	content	anticipating	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
7	25	sad	anticipating	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my wife daughter had a cold. i have been worried.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
28	25	content	anticipating	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my neighbor had me had a child. i was very scared.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
7	25	sad	anticipating	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was a scared.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i have a my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have a a for for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
28	4	content	terrified	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
12	4	excited	terrified	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i have a very to for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
28	4	content	terrified	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to a down for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i have had some dogs. i still have been worried!
28	4	content	terrified	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
7	4	sad	terrified	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am very surprised with my neighbor to have had a.. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
28	4	content	terrified	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
7	4	sad	terrified	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
8	4	jealous	terrified	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my neighbor had me had had a child. i was very scared.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
7	4	sad	terrified	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was a scared.
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
9	22	grateful	caring	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i have a my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
6	22	angry	caring	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone threw a me for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have a a for for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
28	22	content	caring	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	22	prepared	caring	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
12	22	excited	caring	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i have a a to for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
28	22	content	caring	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i went to a down for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
16	22	guilty	caring	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i have had uncles as a child. i was beyond scared.
28	22	content	caring	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
7	22	sad	caring	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
28	22	content	caring	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
7	22	sad	caring	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
8	22	jealous	caring	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my neighbor had me had had a. i had been seen them.
14	22	lonely	caring	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
7	22	sad	caring	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	my youngest daughter had a cold. i was very scared.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing new cars on the road. my car won't even move.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have lost my job recently, my friend is helping me and providing me support.	i have a my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone threw away my lunch at work. it makes me so mad thinking about it.	someone saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have a major exam to take on monday. i am so ready for it.	i have a a for for a week. i am so scared.
28	17	content	surprised	i feel so at ease when my husband is home with me. i feel so safe	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i felt like i did well at my job interview yesterday. i went in feeling confident	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
12	17	excited	surprised	i will go on vacation next week, so i am very stoked about that!	i have a very to for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
28	17	content	surprised	i went to panera bread for dinner. i was quite pleased with the meal.	i was very surprised for my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i overslept and missed my nephews party and really feel bad about it.	i still have some dogs when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
28	17	content	surprised	i am so happy. i finally got used to the single life and it is awesome	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
7	17	sad	surprised	my best friend just left for europe. she'll be gone for 4 years.	my best daughter had a cold. i still have been worried.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to meet up with a special friend i haven't seen for years	i am very surprised with my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
28	17	content	surprised	i had a meal at the cheesecake factory. i was satisfied with the food.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
7	17	sad	surprised	i was a little upset earlier. my brother was not able to meet me for lunch	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
8	17	jealous	surprised	when my friend got some nice new adidas shoes. i had just some converse.	when my neighbor had me he had had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i invited everyone to my birthday party and they came up with excuses on the last minute	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared.
7	17	sad	surprised	yesterday my sister left to go back to her state. i wanted her to stay longer	my my daughter had a cold. i was very worried!
6	25	angry	anticipating	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my youngest daughter had a cold. i had a cold. i was beyond scared.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i i a a to have to get here as a child. i was beyond scared. i had been scared!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was very surprised with my neighbor neighbor me he had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
6	25	angry	anticipating	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
6	4	angry	terrified	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my youngest daughter had a cold. i had a cold. i was beyond scared.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i haven a very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was very surprised with my neighbor neighbor me he had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
20	4	furious	terrified	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i was a surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
6	4	angry	terrified	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am very surprised to have my dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
6	22	angry	caring	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my youngest daughter had a cold. i had a cold. i was beyond scared.
23	22	trusting	caring	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i saw a very to for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was very surprised with my neighbor neighbor me he had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
20	22	furious	caring	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
9	22	grateful	caring	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i was a surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
31	22	devastated	caring	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
6	22	angry	caring	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
12	22	excited	caring	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
16	22	guilty	caring	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
6	17	angry	surprised	my dog decided to take a break from potty training and go all over my house while i was at work. no more free roaming for that bad dog	my youngest daughter had a cold. i had a cold. i was beyond scared.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i used to have a lot of faith in people when i was a kid. but now i'd rather be paranoid about a person than get screwed over	i i a very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some clutter in the attic this weekend and found a box of my old baseball stuff in it. it brought back lots of good memories	i was very surprised with my neighbor neighbor me he had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was camping last weekend and there were these giant deer flies that kept biting me. it really hurt a lot and they were fast and hard to swat.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i really needed a ride to go to my school for a makeup test. i asked my friend and was so happy that he replied and took me there.	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was driving down a local highway yesterday when someone suddenly pulled out in front of me. i crashed my faithful 1993 corvette! i am so heartbroken!	i was very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
6	17	angry	surprised	we spent a lot of money on pizza. they didn't deliver what we ordered and then were rude when we called back! it was so frustrating.	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so looking forward to the next star wars movie. i can't get enough of them. star wars is my favorite movies of all time!	i am very surprised when my neighbor told me he still had his dogs. i haven't seen them in a week or so. so i have been worried!
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally got the new video game i had been saving up for. i played it for two days straight. it was the best game i ever played!	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cooked breakfast this morning for only my self. my kids made me mad yesterday so i didn't make them any. i feel bad about it now	i saw a funnel cloud for the first time as a child. i was beyond scared. i was beyond scared.
