8	25	jealous	anticipating	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom took me for a for the other day. i am not sure that i will do.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i remember when i used to make more and those people were the to those were..
12	25	excited	anticipating	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my favorite bakery is closed down. i'm so scared to be a.
7	25	sad	anticipating	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i tried make some eggs cake today. i am so it it..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so upset when my friend told me i would not help but i was it.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my mom threw up all over my car of my. i am so thankful for it.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i accidentally went out and my and and had to the the of my my my left me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was at the store and i someone ding in front of me of a crowd in
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a a new car... i am so upset with him
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i love the my kids play in with the.. it is such a good time
6	25	angry	anticipating	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	some guy cut me off to a to of on a while, a new wracking.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just bought the lottery ticket for my first in. i. i am i to be my
12	25	excited	anticipating	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i woke up this morning and my my my. i had on the.. it is me me.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm going to to to my my my girlfriend's house. it makes me so happy.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son's pediatric is up up and it's to to be..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i really not believe my ex and i always be me. i it get to
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel like for a new to, but i have to be. i have to be
6	25	angry	anticipating	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son will be to bed this weekend, but i had to go it
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my boyfriend is getting married... i think he is s on my favorite
10	25	prepared	anticipating	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my new is is a a..... is going to be in a few days
6	25	angry	anticipating	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my boyfriend gave me me an illness that i dont know what to do. i dont have to go.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared to go to sleep at my home. i was my so much
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was supposed to be on a, but, but my friend got me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was driving on the the other day and i was a a car. it was not.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just had to pay my money for my birthday. i think it is me.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so mad when my favorite band last night. the presenter was so much
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i love to my my my my my friend's i feel i for it.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son cheated on his test yesterday. never been so so bad in my life.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my kids are in school and and and and i are not to. i want to talk.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new car and i'm not i can't wait!
8	4	jealous	terrified	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom took me for my credit card and i i i i i'm not to do.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i remember when i used to make to make some people. those were the days.
12	4	excited	terrified	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my favorite restaurant is closed down. i'm so scared to go out.
7	4	sad	terrified	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	there has been been instances of attempted abduction. i am. i am so..
20	4	furious	terrified	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so upset when my friend told me about my.. i wanted to do
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my neighbor threw up all over my car today. i am so thankful for it
16	4	guilty	terrified	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i accidentally crashed into the car and and and and out of my car had to take it back.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was at the store and i someone ding in front of a of of people.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a a new car.. i am him so much i i him
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i love the my kids play outside on the.. it is so quiet and the.
6	4	angry	terrified	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	some guy cut me off to my car and the the of the in the of me.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just ate the a new of of my.. i i was to to my my at the.
12	4	excited	terrified	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i woke up this morning and my my. i had on the.. it is me me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm going to to to my my with my girlfriend, but it's so.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son is been having a baby. i'' m so to to him.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i really not believe my ex and i always be to to i it to them
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel like for a to, but i have to be or not or not in
6	4	angry	terrified	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son will be me a a i i i to to to it on his birthday
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my boyfriend is so much.... i i't have to her on her own.
10	4	prepared	terrified	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my new is is a a..... i have to in a few days.
6	4	angry	terrified	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my kids gave me an illness and i wanted to. i i to to him, but he is not.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared to go to sleep at my home. i was my so much!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was supposed to be up with a girl but the person came out.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was driving on the road the other day and i a car to was not me.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just had to pay my money for my birthday. i i have it with my.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so mad when my favorite bill was at last night. i ate it
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i get to my my my my my and i i i i'' t have to.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son failed his physics exam yesterday. i am so so sad about it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my co - worker are getting married me the the the of the. i i feel.
12	4	excited	terrified	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new car and i'm not i can't wait!
8	22	jealous	caring	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom took care of me a new car when i was i. i am not happy that.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i remember when i used to make more and those people were't make it..
12	22	excited	caring	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my favorite shade of lipstick is discontinued.. i'm't have to go.
7	22	sad	caring	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i tried make some eggs today for my.. i feel so bad about it.
20	22	furious	caring	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so upset when my friend told me he would me. i wanted to do.
6	22	angry	caring	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my mom threw up all over my car of my. i am so thankful for it.
16	22	guilty	caring	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i accidentally crashed into the car and and and and out of it in my of my..
6	22	angry	caring	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was at the store and i went to to the bathroom and slipped on my pants.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a new car. my car. i wish i could have it back
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i love my my kids the the the. the is. it is me so
6	22	angry	caring	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	some guy cut me off to my car and they are at a specific of of the.
10	22	prepared	caring	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just ate the gym in of my.. i am a little bit of it
12	22	excited	caring	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i woke up this morning and my my my. i had on the.. the the.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm going to to to my my girlfriend and i's..
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son is turning 2 in a few months and it's always to.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i really not believe my ex and i always be me. i it get to
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel like suck a failure, i want to make sure if you will be good
6	22	angry	caring	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son wants to to go to school. i i i to to to him.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my boyfriend is me about my... i can't believe he is the best.
10	22	prepared	caring	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	the new is is is a. i have. i. i to to in my life.
6	22	angry	caring	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my cat used to be me when i i i't, but i'm not to the the.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared to go to sleep at my home. i was my so much
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was supposed to be off and, but my friend's car.
6	22	angry	caring	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was driving on the the other day and i was a a hair. it was really gross.
7	22	sad	caring	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just had to pay my money for my birthday. i feel bad about it.
6	22	angry	caring	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so mad when my favorite band last night. i was was my favorite
15	22	ashamed	caring	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i proposed to my girlfriend and my grandmother. i feel so i, i am so happy.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son failed his physics exam yesterday. i am so so sad about it.
8	22	jealous	caring	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my co - worker just baught me the food and i dont want to go.
12	22	excited	caring	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new car and i'm not i can't wait!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom took care of me a new car when i was i i am not happy with that.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i remember when i used to make more and those people were the people...
12	17	excited	surprised	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my favorite restaurant is closed down. i'm so to to be at all.
7	17	sad	surprised	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i tried to make some money today.. i feel so bad it..
20	17	furious	surprised	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so upset when my friend told me i would not get. i was wanted to.
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my neighbor threw up all over my bed. i am so thankful for it.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i accidentally crashed into the car and and and and someone had it to the the the the.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was at the store and i i a car of mine and the front of me.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a huge scholarship for my birthday. i was so happy i i him
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i miss all my kids in school this year. it is the the first time
6	17	angry	surprised	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	some guy cut me off in traffic today and me to the the of the the the.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just ate the gym in of my.. i am a to to my new smartphone
12	17	excited	surprised	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i woke up this morning and my my my. i had on the the the. it was me.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm going to to to my my and my family's. it's so.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son is turning 2 in a few months and it's been to be.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i really not believe my ex and i always be so much when i it do them
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel very nervous when i have to be to to the.. i have to be
6	17	angry	surprised	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son will be to a school, i i to to to to to a.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my boyfriend is getting married.. i can't believe he is is on my.
10	17	prepared	surprised	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my kids is a a.... i have been in a in a relationship with my life.
6	17	angry	surprised	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my cat decided to not to.. i dont have to to to to do.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared to go to sleep at my home. i was my with my friends.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was supposed to go on a and, but my friend came out.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was driving on the road the other day and there was a car ahead of me. was very..
7	17	sad	surprised	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just had to put my dog to sleep. i am so to to with him.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so mad when my uncle when i was at work on it it was my favorite
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i love to my my my my my friend's i feel i feel bad about it.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son failed his physics exam yesterday. i am so so about it.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my co - worker are getting married me a lot, i i could not to.
12	17	excited	surprised	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new car and i'm not i'm not to!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just a a new job at a job firm. i really wanted to do. i i't have it.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i took the trash out the other day and it bag burst all over it. i felt so disgusted.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it's always to to i have to have the roof over my head for a long and the my house.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was so when i saw a a a a a car from the fridge. the.. i was to go.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't believe my ex was just out. i had to go to the the other day
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought tickets for a new to... i am not i am so to it it is so.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i had my my with my my my a couple ago and my my has been me me to for for me.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have been beenqiting for the of of my and i am i to my my to to to
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so well at the. i was to to to her to the to the to the it all. the the the.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i got finished all my my my. i had for the first time in. i have to in the for the.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my wife just me me a gift for for christmas.. it it made me feel to i..
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so annoyed at the when the other day at my county fair a few of it was an hour.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can not stand why when people talk to. they are so sweet and i me me to me.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend just bought a new girlfriend and her.. i'' t know what to do with her, so i am so
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this girl in the of of the the of me. it is on the way to the the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i lost my wife's birthday ring.. she had to take care of me and my friends.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just a new job at a job firm. i really wanted to get it. i i't.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i took the trash out the other day and it bag burst all over it. i was so upset.
14	4	lonely	terrified	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it's always i i have to stay in my house for a while on the side of the...
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was so when i saw a a a a a car on the side of the road. there were so slow in my life.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't believe my ex was just out. i had to to my my the other day
12	4	excited	terrified	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought some money for for for my son. i am i to to it to i am not.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i had my my with my my my and and and a my.. she gave me some money to make it.
12	4	excited	terrified	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have been been for my for for over the past month. i have to to the up and i can i can get
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so well at the. i was to to her to to the to the to the the the the the
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i got my my for for my.. i i up to the the of the the the the the.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my wife just me me a gift for my birthday. it was a of of it. i feel bad about it.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so mad at the day my my car. the was was in for a few of the the.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can not stand why about how things are.. they are me to me and me me
5	4	joyful	terrified	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend just bought a new girlfriend and her.. i'' t know what to i'm so to with him!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this girl in the of of the the out of the on the way to my it is me me.
7	4	sad	terrified	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i lost my wife's birthday ring that i had to to with my coworker.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just a new job at a new job. i really wanted. i'm not sure if i should.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i took the trash out the other day and it bag burst all over it. i felt so disgusted.
14	22	lonely	caring	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it's really i have to have to have the roof over my head for a while.. my parents always make me feel to the.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was so when i saw a a a a a car from the fridge. he got to go.
5	22	joyful	caring	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't believe my ex was just when he was my first time i was a to
12	22	excited	caring	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought tickets for my new to.. i. i am it is it's not a
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i had my co - workers phone charger and brought it home with me. i am planning on keeping it
12	22	excited	caring	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have been been for for the past month and i just passed the same for for i am i am so to!
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so well at the. i was to to her to the to the to the the the the the the the
12	22	excited	caring	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i got my my for for my my.. i the to to the the the the the the the the the.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my wife just me me a gift for for my birthday. it was a nice of. i i it.
6	22	angry	caring	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so scared when the other day when my daughter was born. she was the the of the the
13	22	annoyed	caring	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i really not like it when my kids have to to up. they are so sweet and i dont have to
5	22	joyful	caring	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my sister just had her best friend.. i'm so happy she's just to to her to her
13	22	annoyed	caring	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this girl in the of of the the of the. it is me to to me.
7	22	sad	caring	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i lost my wife's birthday ring. i had to to with her and she took it back.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just a a new job at a job firm. i really wanted to do. i i't know what.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i took the trash out the other day and it bag burst all over it. i felt so disgusted.
14	17	lonely	surprised	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it's always i i have to have a roof over my head for a long time. my parents. me to make it..
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was so when i saw a a a a a car from the store.. i had to to to.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't believe my when my friends got out of the. i was to to go with him
12	17	excited	surprised	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought some money for for for my paycheck. i am so to to it it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i had my my with my my a a and and and my. she gave me some money to me and i it.
12	17	excited	surprised	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have been been with my for for over the years now. i am't i can't to my
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so well at the. i was to to her to to the to the to the the the the the the
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i got finished all my my my. i had for the first time in i have to to in the for the.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my wife just me me coffee on a date with my.. i i't have it. it..
6	17	angry	surprised	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so scared when the other day when my daughter was born. she was the the of the the.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can not believe anything to again. i just doesn't understand how much money and they are.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my sister just had a baby with my girlfriend. she is so so i i't t have to her to do
13	17	annoyed	surprised	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this girl in the of of of the the the of me. it is me me about the.
7	17	sad	surprised	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i lost my wife's birthday ring i had to take care of them. i had to save them.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i feel all alone the the the i i i have to
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am a little upset with my my friend. i ate this.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think i will win my chess quota this week.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was not like it when i was.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i get to the my final exam. i feel bad.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	that i will have my best in in in my life.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was so to to go to a concert with my my friend
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so excited for the the new season of the world.
28	25	content	anticipating	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	in the school, we were there is very much and then.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend left me my car..
28	25	content	anticipating	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am afraid of being single for a long time.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a friend i had to go to with a family for a weekend
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my daughter is still up with her mom. she is on her.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i just found a job that i was i i was i was it.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a lottery ticket last week, i it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when a friend of mine hit my on with my ex
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was scared walking home alone my my my my my of my
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my friend said she would come my my house.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	why are it so much to have a roof over my head.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i lied to my girlfriend about my past. i feel bad
14	4	lonely	terrified	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i feel all alone the the the i i i have is the
7	4	sad	terrified	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am a little upset with my my friend got sick.
19	4	confident	terrified	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think i will win my chess quota this week.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was not like my.. was was.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i get to pass my final this year. i feel bad.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	that i will be my best to in my life.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was so to to go out to a concert with my friends
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so scared for the the new world cup.
28	4	content	terrified	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after all the physical, it's been to be, to me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend left me my car..
28	4	content	terrified	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am afraid of being single for a long time.
31	4	devastated	terrified	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a girl i had to go back to a. i was a with my friends
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my daughter is so with her mom. she is her to.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i thought i saw a a a a and i i i was so.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a lottery ticket and i was was really well.
20	4	furious	terrified	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	one time i wore my my my my my my my my
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was scaredbarrased when my daughter was born school with me
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my friend wanted to borrow money from work.
8	4	jealous	terrified	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	why are not so much, you have to my roof.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i lied to my girlfriend about my past. i feel bad
14	22	lonely	caring	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i feel all alone the the day when i think about the weekend
7	22	sad	caring	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am a little of with my my friend i cheated on.
19	22	confident	caring	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think i will get my bonus on my..
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was not like it. i was my.
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i get to the my the last month. i feel bad about it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	that i will be my with my family and my family.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was so to to go out to my on my friend
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so happy for the the world cup final.
28	22	content	caring	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after all the years, we're getting married. the future.
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend left me my car last week.
28	22	content	caring	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am a little of with myself for my my my my.
31	22	devastated	caring	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a time i had to give a my my my dad was my birthday
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my daughter is so with me and she is on her best friend.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i found out that i i i was my my my birthday. i feel bad.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a lottery ticket and i was i was it.
20	22	furious	caring	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when a friend fighting on my my my my me with my
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was scarednlrased when my daughter left to school school
29	22	impressed	caring	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my friend greet me on the bus at work.
8	22	jealous	caring	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i always make it to to make more money with me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i lied to my girlfriend about my years i was not
14	17	lonely	surprised	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i feel all alone the the day i i't go
7	17	sad	surprised	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am a little of on my my. i got a sick.
19	17	confident	surprised	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think i will get my on my next year.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was not like michael.. i was trustworthy
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i studied for for my final math test. it was the.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	that i will be able to buy my house in the.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was so to to go to a concert with my my friend
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so scared for the the world cup.
28	17	content	surprised	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after all the the, and it's been to me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend left me last month.
28	17	content	surprised	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am a little of with myself lately. my friends is me.
31	17	devastated	surprised	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a girl i had to go back to a after my years of her
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my daughter is so with me and she is on her best friend.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i just found that i was going to get my job. i was happy
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a lottery ticket last week, it was it.
20	17	furious	surprised	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when a friend fighting me my my my my house
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was scared walking home alone my my my left for open
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my daughter wanted to borrow money from me.
8	17	jealous	surprised	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	why are not how to you have to you you?
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i lied to my girlfriend and i was alone, i feel bad
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i miss being a kid. i ate a lot of cookies
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the store and and the the were so good.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i went to with my, but my family is me to me and me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i got a from from a job. i was i could not it
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i went to the the with my kids and for my kids.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was upset when i didnt get the day off
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am not happy to the the the i i i got
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i lost my favorite bottoms at the casino and the casino!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was pretty when when i had to go home alone
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i believe when i lose my losing streak on a arcade game i feel bummed
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was upset when my dad passed away. it was a bad
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i was to one my my my my my.. she ended up being.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i remember when i was in the the house and those were the good times.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a really good headache.. i am a am so thankful
14	25	lonely	anticipating	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	the the of my friends were to to,, they were the the
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm going to my my girlfriend's house for this weekend!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt scared walking being home. the way to the the.
6	25	angry	anticipating	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i to buy some food from the store. i know what is the.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i miss being a kid. i hate being in the of
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the store and i saw this guy carrying this entire year.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i went to with my, but my friend is me to me and providing me
10	4	prepared	terrified	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i got a from a a book. i i i could have it
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i went to the the with my kids and for my kids.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was upset when i didnt get the day off
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am not happy to the the of my i got to
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i lost my favorite bottoms at the casino and the casino!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was pretty when when i was able to leave work on time
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i believe when i lose my favorite streak on the arcade i feelt
7	4	sad	terrified	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was upset when my dad passed away. it was a bad
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i felt like my best friend over the weekend. it is me me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i remember when the cowboys would make the the the the the time.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a really good headache.. i am a am so thankful
14	4	lonely	terrified	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	all of the friends for my son to to. i have to.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm going to my my girlfriend's house for 2 years!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt confident this way after the the gr award for my..
6	4	angry	terrified	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i bought some food for my i am to to the the the.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i miss being a kid. i ate a lot of cookies
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the the other day and i was funnel up.
9	22	grateful	caring	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i have up with my girlfriend and i was told that she would me
10	22	prepared	caring	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i got a from from my job. i was i was i could see it
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i walked up the the day and my my with my kids
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was upset when i didnt get the day off
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am not happy to the the i i i i got
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i lost my favorite bottoms at the casino and i all the
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was pretty when when i got to leave my home alone
18	22	nostalgic	caring	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	i believe when i lose my favorite streak on a arcade game i feel bummed
7	22	sad	caring	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away. it was so sad
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i really remember my my my my to make my...
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i remember when i look at my parents and the the the the the.
9	22	grateful	caring	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a really good headache.. i am my wife
14	22	lonely	caring	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	after all the my of my friends i have to to for the.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm going to my my girlfriend for my first time!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt this way when i ate the the the for the entire
6	22	angry	caring	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i up with my online, i i i to to in the..
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i miss being a kid. i ate a whole of cookies
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the the other day and i was some people.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i went to with my, but my friend is me, and me me.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i got a ticket last month. i am my my it it
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i went to the the with my kids and for my kids.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was upset when i didnt get the day off
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am not happy to the the of my i got
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i took my kids candy and halloween and all the the the
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was pretty when when i got to leave work early
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i look at my favorite pics of i feel i i
7	17	sad	surprised	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was upset when my dad passed away. i was not happy
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i remember going to my my my my.. she is on me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i remember when i got the the the the the the the the.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a really good headache.. i am my wife
14	17	lonely	surprised	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	all the the of my my dreams and i have to to my.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm going to my my girlfriend's house for this weekend!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt confident when the falconsvs for the the the.
6	17	angry	surprised	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i bought my for my online and i to to to the..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think the aliens landed in my backyard.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a total deal in a brighter.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i got the the the
7	25	sad	anticipating	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really wish i's like michael..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my daughter software and to sit in the
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am happy that we will be to the next weekend
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i dont really know anyone at uni	i dont like anyone to talk with the
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my best friend got a new best friend.	when my friend got a new car.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just my my a new house in boston.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got promoted at workasors
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my wife just died, i am very alone.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i cried when my grandma left me.
28	25	content	anticipating	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think i will make me more money.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think the aliens landed in my backyard.
28	4	content	terrified	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a total deal in my kitchen.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i got the the the the
7	4	sad	terrified	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really wish i's like michael..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my sister wont stop the most of
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am happy that we will to go to the country around
14	4	lonely	terrified	i dont really know anyone at uni	i dont like anyone at the movies
8	4	jealous	terrified	my best friend got a new best friend.	when my friend got a new car.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just my my 35th wedding anniversary. my birthday.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got promoted at work after being for for
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my wife died, i feel so alone.
7	4	sad	terrified	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i cried when my brother moved away.
28	4	content	terrified	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i know that will make me more money.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i miss my grammilling the the..
28	22	content	caring	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a total deal with a client.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i got the the the day
7	22	sad	caring	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really wish i's like michael..
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my sister wont attend the games
5	22	joyful	caring	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am happy that i will be home to this weekend
14	22	lonely	caring	i dont really know anyone at uni	i really do not like the free education
8	22	jealous	caring	my best friend got a new best friend.	when my friend got me a new car.
7	22	sad	caring	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just my my 35th wedding anniversary. i have.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got promoted at work after being a for
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my wife just died, i am very sad.
7	22	sad	caring	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i cried when my brother moved away.
28	22	content	caring	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think that trump is always gross.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think the aliens landed in my backyard.
28	17	content	surprised	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a total deal in a brighter.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i got the the the day
7	17	sad	surprised	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really wish i's like michael..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my sister wont attend the people
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am so happy that we are going to the country for
14	17	lonely	surprised	i dont really know anyone at uni	i really do not like the free education
8	17	jealous	surprised	my best friend got a new best friend.	when my friend got a new car.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just my my 35thgame and my my..
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got promoted for a month
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my wife died, i feel so alone.
7	17	sad	surprised	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i cried when my brother moved away.
28	17	content	surprised	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think i will make me more money.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i think my my is so much. i don't have to do.. i i't understand how i can't for it.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i've been working a lot for the the for the first time in a few weeks. i i i my my i i i'm get to go.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i once my my neighbors a a lot of people in. it it out. it it's not to and i to to
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i just a a for of the the for the first time in a few. i i was to to the the.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just took my final exam. i i't believe it. i. i am't have to it.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used to get to but i i was so t, but i didn't get to i it. i i i to to so i'm so
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i just went back to the last month and i was i was i was to get it to the it. it was a a, and i was it was
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i love my my boyfriend so much. i have been trying to be for him. but i'' t have to i'm so to i him.
12	4	excited	terrified	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i've been working hard for the project for the to work on a project, but i got to i my work and i '.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i once my my neighbors a a dog and and it reminded me of my i. it's not to and i to me
16	4	guilty	terrified	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i just a for a car of the the the for the first time i i my my. i i i to go it.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just took my credit card. i'm really worried about the's i have to t know it.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used to be to to but when i was a kid, i i't know what i was. i, i i't t have to
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i just moved to the new of my house i was i was i was i. i was to to it was a to, but i was to get the.
23	22	trusting	caring	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i love my my my. i can't believe how much i i... i i't i'm to to to to.
12	22	excited	caring	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i've been working a hard for the project for work on monday. i got my dream of that i, i i'm got it.
16	22	guilty	caring	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i once my my neighbors a a dog and and they were out of their. i. i can't believe how to do it
16	22	guilty	caring	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i just a a for of the the the the the the the. i i i was a to i was i to go.
26	22	anxious	caring	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just took my credit card. i'm really worried about i'' t have to it..
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i wanted to get to this but but i was not so much, i was so t. i was so t get to i my life.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i just moved for a new car last week. i thought it was going to be my i had to i i i i was i was i was i was i was it was
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i love my best friend so much. i can't believe how much i i.. i i't i'm to to to to for a.
12	17	excited	surprised	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i've been working hard for a project for the first time in my, but i i to to get, i i'm ready for it.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i once my my neighbors a a dog and and they were out of their. i. i could not believe it and it was
16	17	guilty	surprised	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i took a test for the for the my class at the end of the week. i was i was it for the..
26	17	anxious	surprised	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just took my final exam. i am't believe it. i am i to to this semester.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used to be to to but when i was a kid, i i't know what i'm going to do my my and i
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i just moved for a new car last week and i thought i was going to be. i i it was i had to it was i i i it was i was i it!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i once my friend a a to to. i was to to to to to to to to to it was a. to get it to me. i it was
3	25	faithful	anticipating	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	once, i was a a a a a a a.. i on the bus. i was to to a a, but i was a to and and i was a..
10	4	prepared	terrified	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i just my friend to i was on a trip with a friend of mine. i was. he was a to to me to get it back to me and i it up with me
3	4	faithful	terrified	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	once a a i i i was not a a for a a.. i was a a a, but my pants was a to and i i it.
10	22	prepared	caring	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i just my my friend to a new house. he was to to to me to me. i. i was't have to it it all over the and it it it it.
3	22	faithful	caring	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	once, i was a a a a a a a.. i on the bus. i was to to the i and to to to to. i was to in the front of.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i just my my son to a a a.. he was to to me to get it to the. i was it was a a and and it it was me me up in it
3	17	faithful	surprised	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	once i thought a very bad job that was a me. i was in.. i was in a the and and i was a to and i was a a.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i love my favorite my favorite.. i feel so bad
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son said his first in the the the other day.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i got the the day off
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i have no fear of my my my my
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i drank all of my my and my my my friends.
2	25	proud	anticipating	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i lost all my money and no one
14	25	lonely	anticipating	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	sometimes i feel privacy and i have have no one to
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel so guilty. i have been single for life now
12	25	excited	anticipating	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently got a job at work and an idiot.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so that the criminal is the..
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i have never cheated on my wife.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't like why i do trust people
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away, i was so sad
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i have a date and the the the elimination this afternoon.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i miss being a kid. no one is.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my wife left me and i am so alone.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car broke down for a my car the the
19	25	confident	anticipating	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am sure that i will be my best in this year
12	25	excited	anticipating	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt this way when i got my job
7	4	sad	terrified	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i ate my favorite pizza today. i was never been
2	4	proud	terrified	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son said his in the the the day.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i got the the day off
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i have never share my my my my my my
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i drank all of my my my my my my friends.
2	4	proud	terrified	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i lost my temper with no one
14	4	lonely	terrified	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	sometimes i feel privacy and i have have no one to my my
14	4	lonely	terrified	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel so guilty that i have all my my life for now
12	4	excited	terrified	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently got a job and and got an a.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so that the the the the election.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i have never cheated on my wife.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't like it when people earn too much
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away. i was so sad
9	4	grateful	terrified	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i have a date and and relaxed and relaxed.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i miss being a kid. no one is.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my wife left me and i am so alone.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car broke down for my my my work paid off
19	4	confident	terrified	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so glad that i will be my my this year.
12	4	excited	terrified	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt really bad when i got my job
7	22	sad	caring	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i ate my favorite pizza today. i was never felt so
2	22	proud	caring	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son said his first words the other day.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i got the the day off
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i have no fear of my my my my
15	22	ashamed	caring	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i drank all of my my my my my my friends.
2	22	proud	caring	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i lost my temper with no one
14	22	lonely	caring	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i know i i will be trust when i have to talk.
14	22	lonely	caring	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel so guilty that i have all my my life for now
12	22	excited	caring	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently got a job and and got an a.
20	22	furious	caring	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so that the criminal won the election.
3	22	faithful	caring	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i have never cheated on my girlfriend.
3	22	faithful	caring	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't like it when i do not.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away. i was so sad
9	22	grateful	caring	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i have a great job and and relaxed.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i miss being a kid. no one is.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my wife left me and i am so alone.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car broke down for my my my work got off
19	22	confident	caring	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so that i will not be my my my this year
12	22	excited	caring	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt really bad when i got my job
7	17	sad	surprised	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i ate my favorite pizza today. i was so much
2	17	proud	surprised	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son said his at the the the other day.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i got the the day off
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i have no fear of my my my my
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i drank all of my my and my my my friends.
2	17	proud	surprised	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i lost my temper with no one
14	17	lonely	surprised	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	sometimes i feel privacy and i have no have to my my
14	17	lonely	surprised	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel so guilty that i have all my my for for now
12	17	excited	surprised	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently got a job and and got an an offer.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so that the the the the election.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i have never cheated on my wife.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't like it when i do not
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away. i was so sad
9	17	grateful	surprised	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i have a great job and the future is very relaxed.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i miss being a kid. no one is.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my wife left me and i am so alone.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car broke down and got lost all my money!
19	17	confident	surprised	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so that i will not my best to school
12	17	excited	surprised	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt really bad when i got my job
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i was at a party and i i didnt have the the of the i got it.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my home was broken into to me. we were in. i i was so scared.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i recently a a presentation at work and and i i i i the to to the the the the.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	someone took my into my car the other day. i am not to and it to fix it.
28	25	content	anticipating	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	recently my girlfriend of a good distance relationship with me and i'm not to to to to to
28	25	content	anticipating	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my husband was i had to go out with a a party, i was't i was so
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just a story about how people are in.. they are. they are like a are in.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i let my friend take my car to the the the other day. i had to to to to.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my final exam exam tomorrow. i am so to do it well.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i ate at the at the of my i. i i i i to have my
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have been traveling for a month now. i am having a with my friends and friends.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember the time when i had to to my my. it was just to me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was in high school, my daughter was on a bus without paying. i had to pay a fine.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter said me for me for the first time. i was to to my it was a..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my best friend and my in the law for a years and i i her, i am so
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i think my daughter is going to make the potty. it is me to to.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so mad when my friend got to my my car for me for my birthday.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i recently a a with my my friend made me a gift. it was a nice time
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are been wanting to buy a newer for the.. it is the the of the the the.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i was at work and i i didn't realize it when i came out.
1	4	afraid	terrified	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my home was broken into to me. we were in. i was so scared.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i just a lot of work and and i i i i to to to to get to the i was.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	someone took into my car in the morning. i am to to it and it it.
28	4	content	terrified	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	recently my girlfriend have been married for 10 years and i will be so much, i'm not happy
28	4	content	terrified	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my husband was i had to go out with a a few weeks ago. i was't believe it
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just a story about how to eat a a.. they are the doors and the are are smarter
20	4	furious	terrified	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i let my friend take my car to the the the other day. i had to to to the
19	4	confident	terrified	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my final exam exam tomorrow. never felt so prepared in my life! i am so
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i ate all the ice cream the other day. i think i't have for the
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have been traveling for for a month. i am having to to my my to to.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember the time when i had to my my girlfriend. it was me to miss him.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was in high school, my daughter was on a bus.. i was in my pants.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter had me for for me.. i got to to my my she was.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my best friend and my left for the for the first time in her!! i am so thankful for her
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i think my daughter is going to be the the of. the the on the way to the.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so mad to see my my friend at home from work. i had to go home.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i had a nice meal from my grandfather. it made me feel to to go it
10	4	prepared	terrified	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are been wanting to buy a house for the.. it is the the of the the the.
0	22	sentimental	caring	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i got the last day and was didn't realize that i had a..
1	22	afraid	caring	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my home was broken into to me. we were going to. i felt so..
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i recently a a presentation at work and and i i i, i was not to to to the the.
6	22	angry	caring	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	someone took my into my car last week. i was to to the it and it was.
28	22	content	caring	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	after my friends have been married years and and i'm't to to to to it to me!
28	22	content	caring	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my husband and i had to go a baby with a baby. i i was't believe it
21	22	disappointed	caring	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just this girl on tinder and a really good me.. me me up and the the the the.
20	22	furious	caring	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i let my friend take my car to the the the other day. i had to to to to
19	22	confident	caring	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my final exam exam tomorrow. i am so to do it well.
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i ate all of the food the other day and i didn't have any money
14	22	lonely	caring	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have been traveling for a month now. i am having a with my friends have been single.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember the time when i had to my my girlfriend. it was a nice time.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was in high school, my my in my of my pants. i was i was
9	22	grateful	caring	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter took me to her friends for the to go. i was i was it was a.
5	22	joyful	caring	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my brother and my brother in law school for me. i am her for her, i am
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i love my son to be the the they were to to the to. the house.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so mad when my friend got me a car for my birthday. i was a girlfriend.
19	22	confident	caring	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i had a nice meal at my girlfriend's birthday. it was very nice to see!
10	22	prepared	caring	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are been wanting to buy a newer for the. it is the the of and the the.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i was at work and i i was i was i to get, i was so.
1	17	afraid	surprised	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my home was broken into to me. we were going to. i was so scared.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i just a a of the and i to to to to to to get to i get to go to the
6	17	angry	surprised	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	my took my from home from the store. i i i was to to it was
28	17	content	surprised	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	this is my family and i have been married to my family and i are going to be so happy to have some good things
28	17	content	surprised	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my husband was i had to go out with a a baby. i was't know what to
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just a story about how to eat a a.. they are refusing to make it and and it costs a bundle
20	17	furious	surprised	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i let my friend take my car to the the the other day. i had to to to to.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. never felt so prepared in my life! i am so
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i ate the last piece of cake that my kids work out. i didn't have any money
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have been traveling for a month now. i am am having to with my friends..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember the time when i had to my my girlfriend. it was me to go back home.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was in high school, i was in my of my my my.. i was very scared
9	17	grateful	surprised	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter said me for me for the first time. i was her to she was going to do.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my brother just left for his first and and the for the first time. i think he is going to
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i think my daughter is going to be the the potty. it is the the day.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so thankful to my friend to the best friend when i came home to work.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i had a nice meal from my my.. it was me so i had to wait!
10	17	prepared	surprised	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are supposed to go storms for a.. we have to our house and and the food.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't believe i spent a of my car. the car was my car. i to to the the the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	" i'' t like it the you's the to you have to you? you's the......
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was a kid my my my my my my my my my my my my my my.. i was to to. i was to to. i was so.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was driving on a road but i i had to to out and i to get to the the of the i had to in the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i always believe to i my to. i would have to to a on a.. i have to to up.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't believe i left my car in the car. i. i was to to my my my my..
7	4	sad	terrified	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	whenever it's t to get my and i'm the the the the. and the the to the it's the to.
9	4	grateful	terrified	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was a kid my my my my my my my my my. i was a with me. i was to to my with my..
23	4	trusting	terrified	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was driving on a road and i i i had to to out of the to get my car. i had to go to the the.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i always do not like my.. i have to to to on a trip. my own and it is my to.
31	22	devastated	caring	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't believe i left my car in the car. i. i was to to my my my my to go back home.
7	22	sad	caring	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	" i'' t know how to you and my parents are so many people who's the to and and and.
9	22	grateful	caring	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was younger, my mom had me with my for my my. my. i was i. i was to to my my. i was to..
23	22	trusting	caring	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was driving on a road and i i i had to to out of the to get my i had to go to the my boss.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i always do not know my my boyfriend would be to. the potty. i i to to to to to.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't believe i left my car in the car. i was to to the bathroom on it. i was to my home.
7	17	sad	surprised	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	everytime i've always get to to you have to you know what the is. it's the the you you that you't be to you you have to you have to you you you.
9	17	grateful	surprised	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was younger my my my my my my my my my my my. i was to to my with me. i was to to me. i was so.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was driving on a road and i i i had to to out of the and i i to to go to the my car.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i always do not want my best to.. i have to be a a of. but i have a on my own and.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few years ago, my friend left me for a for a while. it was me of the i had to i was the. i was the the the the the the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am not to to a to work. i have a to, to be. i to get, but it's not to to of people to get it to me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few years ago my my friend got a a a and i was on the.. i had to the the of the the the the the the the. i was was the the i was a to. i felt like..
7	4	sad	terrified	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am not to to a to but i i not having a...... but i i'm to to to to to to the to the to.
14	22	lonely	caring	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few years ago my my friend got a a a and i was on the.. i had to the the of the the the the the the. i was was the the i was a in the car.
7	22	sad	caring	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am not to to a to but i i not entirely any mistakes. i.. but i i't to to, but i i to to to me and i to to.
14	17	lonely	surprised	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few years ago my my, my my my i was i was in for the house. i had to to to the to the to the to the the of the.. i i was't.
7	17	sad	surprised	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am not to to to to work this weekend, but i have to be a of them. but they are so me to i and to get it and they are. to get out of it.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i ate an entire of of my from my..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was so upset when my dog was treated me
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i cheated on my girlfriend.. i am so thankful.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my daughter did not well at the to to go to school.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i just found a car i was i was i was
14	25	lonely	anticipating	not living near family, being in a new place.	im like in the right now and a roof is the
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was upset when when i saw my dog had gotten out
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	the most of me for my days when my kids are in
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my family went on a vacation without me.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my new neighbors have been taking advantage of the house.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i got a nice meal and and it..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i spilled my coffee on the side of the stairs.
28	25	content	anticipating	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	this time of year makes me feel at my..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can believe that my is so much. i i i can
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got all a's in my last semester.	i found a snake in the yard last year.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe i lied to my friend.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to get my dog to sleep after work.
20	25	furious	anticipating	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a car hit hit me and got a at the point
2	25	proud	anticipating	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just finished my first first time in of the.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm going up to fall and become a!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i will never be able my my first time this year.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am scared i didn't get the promotion at work.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son got first in in the swimming gala.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week i got a in a a of from my.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i stubbed my toe last night.
2	4	proud	terrified	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i ate an entire of of my from my kids.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was so angry when my brother was not treated me
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i cheated on my girlfriend.. i am so thankful.
6	4	angry	terrified	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my boss did not get the money citations for, im so.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i saw a man i i i was i was
14	4	lonely	terrified	not living near family, being in a new place.	im not of the, but in a roof of my family.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was upset when when i saw my my dog had gotten out
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	the most of me for my my, my i is in the streets
14	4	lonely	terrified	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my daughter was in her first for a few weeks. i am so
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my new neighbors have been taking advantage of me.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
14	4	lonely	terrified	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i got a nice meal and and it made me feel.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i took my coffee in the the of the stairs.
28	4	content	terrified	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	this time of year makes me feel at my..
5	4	joyful	terrified	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can believe that my kids are so. i cant believe it
2	4	proud	terrified	i got all a's in my last semester.	i had a baby last month. my new degree.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe i lied to my friend.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to take my dog to the doctor today.
20	4	furious	terrified	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a car hit hit me and got a on the way
2	4	proud	terrified	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just finished my first first time in boston..
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i was't believe my favorite restaurant was so. i i't wait!
5	4	joyful	terrified	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i will never be my my my my this year.
19	4	confident	terrified	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am so i i i get to go the promotion.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my daughter just for the first time today. i was her for the.
10	4	prepared	terrified	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week i had a nice meal from the store..
20	4	furious	terrified	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i stubbed my toe last night.
2	22	proud	caring	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i ate an entire of of my from my dreams.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was so upset when my dog was treated me
15	22	ashamed	caring	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i cheated on my girlfriend.. i am so disappointed.
6	22	angry	caring	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my boss did not get the at work, im feeling.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i just found a car i was i was
14	22	lonely	caring	not living near family, being in a new place.	im up and this girl on the way to the pigs.
13	22	annoyed	caring	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was upset when when i saw my dog was missing
18	22	nostalgic	caring	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	the most of me for my my my my i felt in my life
14	22	lonely	caring	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my family went on vacation with me and all alone.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my new neighbors have been taking all of the time.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
14	22	lonely	caring	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i got a nice meal and and it made me feel.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i took my coffee in the the of the
28	22	content	caring	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	i at the gym this morning. i feel bad about it.
5	22	joyful	caring	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can not believe my favorite restaurant is closing. i am so so
2	22	proud	caring	i got all a's in my last semester.	i got my first's on on a date.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe i lied to my friend.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to put my dog to sleep today.
20	22	furious	caring	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a car hit hit me and got a on the way
2	22	proud	caring	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just finished my first house for the first time.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm going up to my finances and this!
5	22	joyful	caring	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i will never be my my my this year.
19	22	confident	caring	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am scared i didn't get to go taylor swift.
2	22	proud	caring	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son got first in in the the the other day.
10	22	prepared	caring	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week i got a in a a of from my.
20	22	furious	caring	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i walked by my my favorite restaurant earlier.
2	17	proud	surprised	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i ate an entire of of my from my..
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was very proud when my brother when he did not
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i cheated on my girlfriend.. i am so thankful.
6	17	angry	surprised	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my daughter did not get to go to the doctors.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i got a car and i was i was so upset
14	17	lonely	surprised	not living near family, being in a new place.	im like to the right now and the is the the.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was upset when when i was my my dog
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	the most of me for my my, my life is good
14	17	lonely	surprised	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my family went on a vacation without me.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my new neighbors have been out of all of the time.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
14	17	lonely	surprised	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i got a nice meal and and it made me feel.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i took my coffee in the the of the
28	17	content	surprised	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	this time of the year makes me feel my my..
5	17	joyful	surprised	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can believe that my is so much. i i cant
2	17	proud	surprised	i got all a's in my last semester.	i got a over with my last year of college.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe i lied to my friend.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to take my dog to the doctor today.
20	17	furious	surprised	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when my car got hit on the way to the the store
2	17	proud	surprised	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just finished my first first time in class.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm going up to fall and become a chef!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i will never be my my my my this year.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am scared i didn't get to go taylor swift.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son got first in in the oven. week.
10	17	prepared	surprised	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week i had a nice meal from the store..
20	17	furious	surprised	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i stubbed my toe last night.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i think the time i i the the the other day it's so much i i't get it!
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in in a car and and a car of on me out of the floor. my car was me.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter failed her first year of time. she the.. i think she is going to do well without mommy
1	25	afraid	anticipating	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i really't a a in in my.. it's a a lot of i i'm a to to
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to be so i but i was so much. i i to to me and i i't
20	25	furious	anticipating	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my roommate left my all of my the the the.. i am i am so to have a..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am confident about the eagles i will be in the country. it seems like to be for the the the
28	25	content	anticipating	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i got to go in the the of the the of a tree.. my friends were there.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i knew my to to my my. i was going to get it to work.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i feel like for that things are not to to, if my son will be in the the for the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my boyfriend always waits me me when i talk about my money from my brother. i have to go.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend wants to to me me me.. i don't know what i will do.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a a a a my that my my had a my.. i got to the and and it it.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a car accident. i was in the the of the i got to the my car.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i had to go in the the of for a month.. it was me to to and.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy i found out my sister. she did not get it to me. she was
7	25	sad	anticipating	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my kids were arguing with a.... i'' t believe it. it is so..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a friend of mine just got a new wrangler. i want to to be and i was not to to.
2	25	proud	anticipating	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	a few years ago, my received an an accident. my.. i ended up getting a new and and the the the.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i remember the the i i i to get't get to i it was so. i don't get to go
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in a car wreck and a car came over to me out of the car. my car was in the.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter failed her for the the the time.... i i her and she the the.
1	4	afraid	terrified	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i really't a new in in my.. it's a a lot of i i'm a to
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to get so i but i'm not to have to. i i to to my my
20	4	furious	terrified	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my roommate left all of my my my my school. i am't have to it all the the.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am confident about the eagles i can be in the... i have a the the the the
28	4	content	terrified	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i got to go in the the of the of the of my.. it was a a of.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i felt bad when i got to my my my my.. i was to to go to work.
16	4	guilty	terrified	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i feel like for that things, i get my my, or weddings will be on the weekends.
7	4	sad	terrified	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my kids always always me me when i talk about my.. i i i to go on my own
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend wants to to me me to me.. i don't know what i will do.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a a a a my that my my had a my.. i had to the the of the.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a car and a was in the. i. i was to to a a a a.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i had to go to the the the of the month. i ended up getting a new and.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy when my friend got a new a.. i wanted it for me so he did
7	4	sad	terrified	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my kids were so much. i.... i'' t get to it it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a friend of mine just got a new wrangler. i want to to be and i was not to to.
2	4	proud	terrified	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	after a a from an hour. i i i to to on my own.. it is the the of the the the
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i hate the time i i't get out of the i i it's so i can't get to see them
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in in a car and and a car of mine and my my me me in front of me.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter failed her first test the the the day.. i think she is going to do well without mommy
1	22	afraid	caring	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i've a good of my life. i'm'm going to see my my it's my first time!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to be so i but i am not so much, i was just me. i was to to my
20	22	furious	caring	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my roommate left my all all of my the the other. i am so t believe how much i missed the.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am confident about the eagles i will be in the country. it seems like to be for the the the
28	22	content	caring	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i had to go in the the of of my my.. it was a to my my..
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i knew my dad was going to be able to pick me up from work. he was trustworthy
16	22	guilty	caring	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i feel like for that i, i have my my, or weddings, my own my my life.
7	22	sad	caring	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my kids always always me me when i talk about my.. i i i to go on my own
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend wants to to me me me.. i don't know what i will do.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a a argument with my my that i i got a a. i i got to the the of the.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a car and i was in the. i got to the the of the. i was to my my.
26	22	anxious	caring	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i had to go in the the of for a month, but my roommate was me for it.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy when my son just got a a.. i i't for it
7	22	sad	caring	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my kids were so giggling... i'' t get to i it..
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i just my new car a new car. i the to the the. i i to to to a new.
2	22	proud	caring	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	after a a from school, i i i in in of the... i. i've never been in my my
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i remember the time i i was't get to the my i was so. i'm so to!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in in a car and and a car of on the way to my my. me.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter failed her first year of time the other day. i am not her with her she she.
1	17	afraid	surprised	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i've got a little of my life. i'm a little i'm going to see my my my
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to be so i but i'm not to, but i't have to i feel bad
20	17	furious	surprised	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my kids left my all of my the the the the.. i am so t have to i it.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am confident about the eagles i can be in the... i have a the the the the
28	17	content	surprised	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i had to go the the the the other day. the of my. it was me of my..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i felt bad when i got to my my my my.. i was to to go to work.
16	17	guilty	surprised	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i feel like for that my, i get my my my, they will be for the the the the.
7	17	sad	surprised	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my kids always always me when i talk to my when i was a on my wife and my my.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend wants to to me me me.. i am't know what i will do.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a a argument with my friend that i had. i i got to the the and got it.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a car accident. i was in the the of the i got to the my car.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i went to krispy kreme the other day and got some donuts while the hot light was on.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy. i just my new car. i just wanted it to see he wanted to
7	17	sad	surprised	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my favorite restaurantaru closed down. i'm not to to to to it.
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a friend of mine just got a new wrangler. i want to to be and i was not to to.
2	17	proud	surprised	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	after a a from school, i i up in my of of.. i have to in the of and the the
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the store and i was a and i was to to the the. the person was was.. the person behind me, even though i didn't know what i was... i was so..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm going to to my my girlfriend's parents this weekend, it's been to see how it's been a to be for a long. it's not to.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i got a a job last week and i didn't know it. i had to it up. i i didn't have to i it.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom asked to borrow my car lst week and i let him. he took it when he took it and i i i had to and him to him. he took it to me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the store and i was a and i was to to the the. the was was. i was't get it the the.. i was to to it was so. i was't get the the the.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm going to to my my girlfriend's parents this weekend, it's been to see how it's it's been to be for a long time. it's not to.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i got a promotion at work that i was really late for work. i didn't know what the the of it was my best to i it.
16	4	guilty	terrified	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom asked to borrow my car lst week and i let him. he took it when he took it and i i i i got to and i got to the him.
8	22	jealous	caring	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the store and i was a and i was to to the the. the was was. i was't, but i didn't get to the it was was.. the car was in the and.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm going to to my my girlfriend's parents this weekend, it's been to see how it's a to to to to it's not.
16	22	guilty	caring	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i got a a job offer but i didn't know i was going to. i had to the the the the i was i was i was a..
16	22	guilty	caring	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom asked to borrow my car lst week and i told him he was going to the.. i took him to the he got to and and he got to.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the store and i was a and i was to to the the. the was was so. i didn't get to the the. was was so. i was to to the the and to get it back to the..
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm going to to my my girlfriend's parents this weekend, it'll be our first time meeting. i'm just so happy about it.'s just to to be.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i got a promotion at work that i was really hard for. i had to get it all over the. i i didn't know what i it.
16	17	guilty	surprised	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom asked to borrow my car lst week and i told him he was going to the.. i took him to the i and he got to and and i him.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was pretty happy when when i saw the the the the other day and got some of
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my co - worker of the in the of of the i i i i was't.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am so excited for the new super smash bros, it was me me, but i to see my
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my friends were me to go on the road. i was so scared to see.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking down the park and and there were some people and there were there were me
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just got a new car. i'm so upset with him. i feel so bad for him.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like the last night. i'm so i can't get my my my my..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i've been been to my my girlfriend of my years, but she is't going to
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i went to a party with a friends and i was a. it was was a..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend got the job last week. i wanted to be so i. i am happy.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was going to to the on with my friend, but, but it was me up!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was working on a... was a to. me. the the the the.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared to go to the park. i was was a kid. i monsters were there.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i have my my friend's's birthday party.. i i't i feel like to him
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i think a mouse is in my kitchen.. my is is on me. i am so angry.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just found out my wife's birthday.. i'' t believe it it it
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i got a a bonus from work and it was a my of my coworkers were it.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i once a a of my with my my... i was to to it was a
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i really not like it when i have to be a a.. a few weeks
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i had to get a job and my son came home to me. the the the the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i lost my favorite bracelet last month. i was to to it on it. i am so
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to the store and and it was my. my friend was i was i was it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my brother left me in my car when i was i was i i'm not to him to do!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	i just saved up for money to get to my.. i'm't have to.
28	25	content	anticipating	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i took my son to the the the the the the the other day. i was so..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the the of the the of my my have been in for the for for the first time.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a really nice meal. my friend gave me a money and i i have it.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	there is a girl i live in my house and i'' t have to...
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	in the school, i used to be a in in the, i was a and and and the
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm afraid of how the are in in in a lot. people are always to me.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was pretty sad when when i got to the the the other day. my car was cancelled
9	4	grateful	terrified	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my co - worker of the in the of the the day. i am not i am not.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am so happy for the new to my car, i was just not to to see
9	4	grateful	terrified	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my friends were me big dinner last night. i was to go with it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking down the the park and i heard some people. i had to and it was me
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just got a new car. i'm so upset with him. i feel so bad for him.
12	4	excited	terrified	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like the last night. i can't believe it. i am on a and i've never been one
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i've been been to my my girlfriend for the past. it's my dream to!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i went to a party with a friends and i spilled my drink all over it. i was so upset.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend got the job last week. i wanted to get it. i i was so happy.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was going to to on with my friend, but the came out and got some donuts
26	4	anxious	terrified	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was working on a.. i was. i. i was up with the the the
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared to go to go at work. i was was monsters was in my bed.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i have my my friend's's birthday party.. i i i't i feel very good about it.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i think i have a in in my kitchen.. i am so my wife is my favorite.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just my my son's birthday cake.. i can't believe it.
12	4	excited	terrified	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i got a to a a a a a.... i was a. i was so.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i once a a of my on my my at my house. i was it was it was my favorite
14	4	lonely	terrified	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i really not sure i i am going to to a my my a a a of my friends
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i had to get a job for my son. i had to to in my and the the.
7	4	sad	terrified	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i lost my favorite bracelet last.... i was to to the it all my it was
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to the store and my friend was out to get. i was so to have a.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my brother left me in my car and i i i was i was't get it to i was't!
5	4	joyful	terrified	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	i tried to make some money for my.. i'm't have to share it.
28	4	content	terrified	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i took my son to the the the the the other day. i am to the it.
5	4	joyful	terrified	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the the of the the of my my have been in for the for for the first time.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a really nice meal. my friend gave me a money and i i have it.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	there is a girl that i work with my and i'' t have to to do.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	in the school, i used to be in the the, i the the in a function
8	4	jealous	terrified	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm afraid of how the are in in in a lot. people who are me to me.
20	22	furious	caring	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was pretty sad when the day when i got to leave work on time
9	22	grateful	caring	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my co - worker of my in the of the the i i i i was it.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am so happy for my son to the the, i was i could see him in his class!
9	22	grateful	caring	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my friends were me on the last night. i felt like it was me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking down the park and and i came out and there were some people and there were no one
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just got a new car. i'm so upset. i'm so upset with him.
12	22	excited	caring	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like it last night. i can't believe i am so on my own and my knees my of
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i've been been my my wife for my years, but i'' t to her!
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i went to abee to dinner with my friends. i was me and i was a..
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend got the job last week. i wanted to be so happy. i am it.
6	22	angry	caring	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was going to to with some of my friends, but my kids were on
26	22	anxious	caring	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was working on a.... i was up with the the the the the
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared to go to the when i was a kid. i was monsters were under the bed.
23	22	trusting	caring	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i have my my friend's birthday cake.. i i't i'' t have to him
26	22	anxious	caring	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i hate one of in in my my. my.. i am on my own.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just my my son's birthday cake. i can't believe it. i'm so
12	22	excited	caring	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i got a a bonus from work. i was a on my order. i was to.
29	22	impressed	caring	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i once a a of my my my my my my my... i was to to it back
14	22	lonely	caring	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i really not like a. i am to to a my my my my a a a
27	22	hopeful	caring	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i had to take a job and my son had to the the of. i had to cancel..
7	22	sad	caring	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i lost my favorite bracelet last month. i was to to my it's a a
13	22	annoyed	caring	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to the store and it was my. i had to my my it was a..
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my brother left me with my car. i was so upset, but i was't get to my
5	22	joyful	caring	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	i bought some money to my my my... i'm not to to it..
28	22	content	caring	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i took my son to the the of the the for the first time. i was i was it.
5	22	joyful	caring	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the the of my kids have been in for my year for the first time of the day.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a really nice meal. my friend gave me a gift and i it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	there is a girl that i work with my and i'' t have to to do.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	in the school, i used to be in the streets, i was my the was a and and
8	22	jealous	caring	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm afraid of how the are in in in a lot, people are just me.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was pretty sad when when i got to the the the other day. my car was cancelled
9	17	grateful	surprised	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my co - worker of the in the of the the i i i i i was not.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am so excited for my new to the movie, but my friend was cancelled and i wish i could
9	17	grateful	surprised	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my friends were me to go on the road. i was so upset with him.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking down the park and and i came across a man of people. it it made me feel
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just got a new car. i'm so upset that i can't believe him.
12	17	excited	surprised	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like the last i'm so so much. i'm in the i'm so to the
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i've been going to my my girlfriend for the past. it's been to see!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i went to a party for dinner with my friends. i was a and i was was..
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend got the job last week. i really wanted to. i wanted to.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was going to to the on with my friend, but it ended up getting a
26	17	anxious	surprised	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was working on a.... i was up and the the the the the
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared to go to go at work. i was was just when i was a kid.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i have my my my's birthday party. i i't know what i'm doomed to do with him
26	17	anxious	surprised	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i think i have a in in my kitchen..........
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just my son's birthday ring today. i can't believe it. i feel
12	17	excited	surprised	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i got a a bonus from work. my was was a of of people. i was so.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i just a stranger on my car of the.. it was me me for it
14	17	lonely	surprised	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i really not sure i i am a to to a a my my my a a a
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i had to get a dog to sleep. i had to to my my and to the the.
7	17	sad	surprised	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i lost my favorite bracelet last month. i was to to it for a long time i am so
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to the store and i had my my friend. i was to to to it was
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my brother left me with my when i was in for. i was so to, i i was to to him
5	17	joyful	surprised	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	my friends have been for for for for me.. it's so to to be.
28	17	content	surprised	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i took my son to the the the the the other day. i i i to go.
5	17	joyful	surprised	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the the of the the of my my have been in for the for for the first time.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a really nice meal from my friend and me. i i i not have them to.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	there is a girl that i work with me and i'' t know what to do.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	in the school, i used to be in the streets, i was the the and and i
8	17	jealous	surprised	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm afraid of people in my apartment. a lot of people people are..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my friends are beingprised me at the
10	25	prepared	anticipating	getting my things ready for florida	getting my my ready for change
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my friends post made me disgusted	my friends made me a meal
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when someone dosnt stop talking	when someone does not stop talking
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	the hotel room had roaches	the the store i talked to me
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i left my purse at home	i forgot my my first pc
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my kids are in school and everything is
10	4	prepared	terrified	getting my things ready for florida	getting is my good right now
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my friends post made me disgusted	my friends bought me dinner tonight
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when someone dosnt stop talking	when someone does not stop talking
24	4	disgusted	terrified	the hotel room had roaches	the the store i had to food was me
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i left my purse at home	i forgot my my at the
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my kids are and i are all alone
10	22	prepared	caring	getting my things ready for florida	getting is my good right now
24	22	disgusted	caring	my friends post made me disgusted	my friends bought me dinner tonight
13	22	annoyed	caring	when someone dosnt stop talking	when someone does not stop talking
24	22	disgusted	caring	the hotel room had roaches	the the store and i ate food were me
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i left my purse at home	i forgot my brothers the other day
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my kids are in school and im everything
10	17	prepared	surprised	getting my things ready for florida	getting my my ready for change
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my friends post made me disgusted	my friends made me dinner tonight
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when someone dosnt stop talking	when dosnt stop talking
24	17	disgusted	surprised	the hotel room had roaches	the the store i had to food
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i left my purse at home	i forgot my brothers first time
7	25	sad	anticipating	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i was in my my my and for a few weeks back in i i i i my in. i i i i to to the in the car.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i've been with my my my for years now. it's the only one that, but i don't know how to do..
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am in with my current skills. the the in. the.. the the in the the of the the of the
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	once i i had a wardrobe malfunction. when i was a, i was a to. i i to to the the and. i felt i was i was to to it.
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was a kid i wanted to new dog and my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my and and it a a me!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i was younger, i was in the of. i was in... i was up in my my and and...
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so happy my my sister in law. i have to to to to to to get to get to get it i get to.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got in to a a of of the house, i was a... i was, i was it was the. i was..
7	4	sad	terrified	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i was in my my my for the last the first time in. i i i was in the i got to the my and and i i i was to.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i've been with my my for for years years and it's not to to to. i'm i'' t know how to do it.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am watching my my with with my.. i my my on the and and the the on the and and the the in the
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	once i i had a wardrobe malfunction. when i was a kid. i felt like i was going to do my and my my to to me to. i felt so.
12	4	excited	terrified	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was a kid i wanted my friend to get a new car my my my my my my my a a, and my me a a in a a!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i lost my job i was i was very.. i was in the of the the the the the of the the.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so happy my my sister in law. i have to to to to to to get to get it to get. i'm t.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got in to my of my house the the the. i was a. i was i was a a, i it was me..
7	22	sad	caring	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i was in my my my last week and walked in on my car. i was i was the the the the. i i my pants. i i my pants.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i've been with my my my girlfriend for the past couple years. it's not to see how much i can it.. i don't know how to do.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am in with my current skills. the the of the the of the the. the the of the the the of the the
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	once i i was a a a and i was i i. i. i. i was to, i i i to to it and i i i to to it.
12	22	excited	caring	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was a kid, i had my friend to me and my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my me me to me my back to my
27	22	hopeful	caring	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i lost my high school i was i was very scared. i had to in my of. i was my my my pants..
8	22	jealous	caring	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so happy my my sister in law. i have to to to to to to get to get it to get. i'm t.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got my first mark on my first door in the it was a. i i had to it was i i it was a.. i felt like..
7	17	sad	surprised	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i was on my first day of my high school. i i to to to to the the the the. i i the the the the i was i was in the.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i've been with my my for for years years and it's not to know how to do it, but i don't know how to do.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am getting in with my my my.. i the the of the the of the the and the the the the the the
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	once i i was a a a and i was i i. i got to the the, but i didn't know what to i it. i felt so bad.
12	17	excited	surprised	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was a kid, i had to get my dog to my my my my my my my my my my my a car to my my and it was a to!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i lost my high school i was i was i. i. i was a to of the to and it was my and my my..
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so happy my my sister in law. i have to to to her to and get it to to.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got in the of the middle of my i got a a, i was so.. i was't have it was a..
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was in a a long trip to mars and a a, but i was to to the the to the. i i my to to and and i was to to the to the. i was to to i was to. i was in the and and i was to.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was going to a a car of the car, but i was to to the the the. the car was the. i i the to the the the and and i it was me to i i i it was me. i i, i it was me.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was on a flight earlier in the week, listening to music. i thought my earbuds were plugged into my ipod correctly so that only i could hear the music.. turns out it wasn't, and everyone could hear it on speaker the entire time. i just assumed it was hard to hear because of the loud plane.. nope. people listened to my death metal with me for two hours and said nothing..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was going to a a car of my car, but i was to to the the the the. the the the.. i was to the the and to get it back to i was i was. i was to to it was i had to.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was on a flight earlier in the week, listening to music. i thought my earbuds were plugged into my ipod correctly so that only i could hear the music.. turns out it wasn't, and everyone could hear it on speaker the entire time. i just assumed it was hard to hear because of the loud plane.. nope. people listened to my death metal with me for two hours and said nothing..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was going to a a car of my car, but i was to to the the the. the car was the. i i the to the the the and and i it was i was i was i to it. i i was to.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was on a flight earlier in the week, listening to music. i thought my earbuds were plugged into my ipod correctly so that only i could hear the music.. turns out it wasn't, and everyone could hear it on speaker the entire time. i just assumed it was hard to hear because of the loud plane.. nope. people listened to my death metal with me for two hours and said nothing..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was going to a a with a friend of mine from high school. i thought it was going to be, but i was to the the the the i was i it was i was i was going to be my car. i was to the the..
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is s pediatric.. she'' t have to to up to him. but it's a to, but i'm t to to to it it with him.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was supposed to be a with with my, but, but my friend's house to me, and i'' t t know to to, and, and i't have to me. i'm so i'm going to be
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is doing a great.. she'' t have to to up to her, so i'm t to to to to her her to do the other. i'm t the right thing and her.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was supposed to be a with a friends, but the most of people,, it's t even if it's a, but i'm t to to, and they're going to be a, and the to the
2	22	proud	caring	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is doing a great.. she'' t have to to up to her, but i'm t to to her her she she she she's still alive.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was supposed to be a with with my friend, and they had a call about how to use it. i'' t, but i'm t to to, and they were to to be, and they're going to a hotel and and i'm
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is doing a great. she is so she'' t have to go to the.. she's a a a lot of and i'' t know how to do it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was supposed to be a a with with my friends, but, i've been, but i't have to work out of the, so i didn't get to go to i was so.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will find a new job this week	i know i will be a new car.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for the weekend.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend has been very distant lately.	my friend has been been feeling lately.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	a co - worker of the in a few days
23	25	trusting	anticipating	giving my friend the key to my home	when my mom cheated on my best
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son got a scholarship for college.	my son got a a scholarship.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant wait for the weekend!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i forgot my friend's birthday.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for the week!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't stop spending money.	i can't believe my friends are..
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to go home the other day
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for the week
19	4	confident	terrified	i will find a new job this week	i will find a new job this week
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for the weekend.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend has been very distant lately.	my friend has been been feeling lately.
10	4	prepared	terrified	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	a co - worker of the in a few weeks
23	4	trusting	terrified	giving my friend the key to my home	when my mom lied to me the other day
2	4	proud	terrified	my son got a scholarship for college.	my son got a huge scholarship.
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant wait for the weekend!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i forgot my friend's birthday.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for the week!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't stop spending money.	i can't believe my money money.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to go home the other day
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for this week!
19	22	confident	caring	i will find a new job this week	i will find a new job this week
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for the weekend.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend has been very distant lately.	my friend has been been feeling lately.
10	22	prepared	caring	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	two days in in my house for a couple days
23	22	trusting	caring	giving my friend the key to my home	when my mom cheated on my dad
2	22	proud	caring	my son got a scholarship for college.	my son got a a scholarship for college.
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant wait for the weekend!
16	22	guilty	caring	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i forgot my friend's birthday.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for the week!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't stop spending money.	i can't believe my money more.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to go home the other day
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for monday!
19	17	confident	surprised	i will find a new job this week	i will find a good job
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for the weekend.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend has been very distant lately.	my friend has been been feeling lately.
10	17	prepared	surprised	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	two days in in my house in a couple weeks
23	17	trusting	surprised	giving my friend the key to my home	when my mom cheated on my dad
2	17	proud	surprised	my son got a scholarship for college.	my son got a a scholarship for college.
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant wait for the weekend!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i missed my friend's birthday.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for the week!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't stop spending money.	i can't believe my neighbors are so.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to go home the other day
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for monday!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	i bought a new from from my new job. i don't know what i'm going to do.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i really like it when i have to be a... the end of the month. a waste of the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i ate for my of my when i was i for, i was not not to, i i i to to
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel so bad. i have my my.. i'' t have to on my..'s been to
28	25	content	anticipating	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	once i am having so much in in in my life with my.... my my.. i am so to to.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my husband is i to go out of.. she's been to for her but she is the best.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out my my friend was cheating on me with my.. i am so t believe how much i i have
23	25	trusting	anticipating	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	once i was notified that i didn't get to the the the, but i had to to a a.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my coworker just got a new job. i'm so happy that i can't afford to work on it.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i really wanted this way when i get to go to. they have been for for for the while and a few months.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i did an well for my work and i i my my, i i my my, and i i to to it!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel so bad. i have my my.. i'' t have to on my.. i feel so bad
28	4	content	terrified	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	whenever i am in to of with my on my my own.. i have. i am a to to my my..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my husband promised i would go to the the the. she is. she's still on her with her she.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out my my friend was cheating on me with my.. i was't believe how much i was it all!
23	4	trusting	terrified	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	when i was younger, i didn't know to go to the. i had to to to i i to to the..
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	i bought a new from my my. i i't know what i'' t know to to do.
26	22	anxious	caring	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i really am not sure how i am going to to in a new.... the end of the.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i ate for my for my credit card, and i was i to get, i i was not to get, i was
16	22	guilty	caring	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel so bad. i have my my...'s been on my own. i's been to
28	22	content	caring	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	whenever i am in to of with my on my my own.. i have no one to my my and and.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my wife just told me that she was the last night she she she she she she she she she't.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out my my friend has been cheating on me.. i was so with that i i't to it back
23	22	trusting	caring	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	when i was younger, i didn't know how to wear and i was. i to to to the the the.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my coworker just got a new job. i'm so happy that i can't afford to work on it.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i really wanted that i was going to but i've got to, the the of the the the the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i ate for my for for my,, i was i was i to to, but i to get!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel so bad. i have my my my.. she's t have her on her own.
28	17	content	surprised	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	once i am so hard to be in my with my my.. my my is my of my and. i have to..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my wife just me the the the the night. she's been to the for for the whole week. it's so.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i found out that my my my my me for my birthday.. i was't have to it with my i was so
23	17	trusting	surprised	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	once i i was i i i i i i was i that i would get to to i was i to. i was.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a good feeling that i i am not i am not a to.. i am so i i i i i am so to to to to to
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have a friend of mine at my house for a week. my sister is on me. i i'' t i have to in a relationship with
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was pretty interested in a to to the.. i had to to to the to. i had to to to to to the to. the..
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a this this that i i so much. i i i i i i am not to, but i i am not a good to to it's not to
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have a friend of going to on my on a date. my friend. i i to to to me to i to to it to me.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was pretty interested in a to the. i had to to the the to. i had to to the to and and the the. the..
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a lot of people that i i am not so much, i i to be. i i i i i i'm to to to to to i'm not to
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have a have a laundry of the in front of my my... it was me of my i was a to to my my to go to a new.
20	22	furious	caring	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was very to to the a store. i had to to some people to the to. the to. the people. there were so many people in there.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a great that i i i am so much, i i i get a. i, but i have to get, and i'm not to to to the the
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have a had to take my foot in at the a of of my.. i i was't have to my my a a a a.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was very to to the gym and i a a to. i had to to up the to the. the to the the the. the the.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	when my food wasnt cooked right	when dosnt stop talking
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i stubbed my toe in night.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my mailman is the worst.	my kids is the the kitty spa.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife with my life	i trust my my with my life
26	25	anxious	anticipating	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for my new car to be delivered
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for the fall.	i am ready for the foreigner festival.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mom gave me his grandmother earrings
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i hope my dog returns home!	i was my my first day of my
12	25	excited	anticipating	really pumped for the broly movie	i really like the the the the cargo rope
6	25	angry	anticipating	i stubbed my toe this morning	i stubbed my toe last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	a hungry man is an angry man	a a a new restaurant is me.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my family bought me a car	when my mom bought me a car
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in traffic today
5	25	joyful	anticipating	going to disney world in december!	going to a mma fights in the
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat vomited on my carpet	my cat vomited on my shoes
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when i came across an old diary	when i came across an old letter
7	25	sad	anticipating	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i broke my wife with my.
28	25	content	anticipating	so happy i got a new car	i was happy when i got to my my
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes	my cat vomited on my rug
24	4	disgusted	terrified	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my healthst stop me
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i stubbed my toe in the morning.
20	4	furious	terrified	my mailman is the worst.	my kids is the the kitty spa.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife with my life	i trust my wife with my life
26	4	anxious	terrified	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for my new car to be delivered
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for the fall.	i am scared the democrats.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my my cat gave me his pocket
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i hope my dog returns home!	i was my my my my first dog!
12	4	excited	terrified	really pumped for the broly movie	i really like the the the the cargo on my
6	4	angry	terrified	i stubbed my toe this morning	i stubbed my toe last night
7	4	sad	terrified	a hungry man is an angry man	a a a a new hairstyle with my ex
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my family bought me a car	when my mom lied to me
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in traffic today
5	4	joyful	terrified	going to disney world in december!	going to a mma fights in the kiddos
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat vomited on my carpet	my cat vomited on my shoes
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when i came across an old diary	when i came across an old letter from
7	4	sad	terrified	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i broke my wife with my.
28	4	content	terrified	so happy i got a new car	i was happy when i got to my my my
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes	my cat vomited on my shoes
24	22	disgusted	caring	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my healthst stop me
15	22	ashamed	caring	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i stubbed my toe in the morning.
20	22	furious	caring	my mailman is the worst.	my kids is the the kitty spa.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife with my life	i trust my wife with my life
26	22	anxious	caring	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for my new car to be delivered
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for the fall.	i am scared the democrats.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my my cat gave me and my grandmother
27	22	hopeful	caring	i hope my dog returns home!	i was my my my my my!
12	22	excited	caring	really pumped for the broly movie	i really like the the the the cargo rope
6	22	angry	caring	i stubbed my toe this morning	i stubbed my toe last night
7	22	sad	caring	a hungry man is an angry man	a a complimented my new hairstyle.
29	22	impressed	caring	when my family bought me a car	when my friends lied to me
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
6	22	angry	caring	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in traffic today
5	22	joyful	caring	going to disney world in december!	going to some mma fights! the kiddos
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat vomited on my carpet	my cat vomited on my shoes
0	22	sentimental	caring	when i came across an old diary	when i came across an old letter from
7	22	sad	caring	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i broke my wife wedding anniversary.
28	22	content	caring	so happy i got a new car	i was happy when i got to my my my
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes	my cat vomited on my rug
24	17	disgusted	surprised	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my healthst stop me
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i woke up in my girlfriend and got sick.
20	17	furious	surprised	my mailman is the worst.	my kids all the the kitty spa.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife with my life	i trust my wife with my life
26	17	anxious	surprised	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for my new car to be delivered
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for the fall.	i am ready for the weekend.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my my cat gave me and my grandmother
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i hope my dog returns home!	i was my my my my first dog!
12	17	excited	surprised	really pumped for the broly movie	i really like the the the the cargo rope
6	17	angry	surprised	i stubbed my toe this morning	i stubbed my toe last night
7	17	sad	surprised	a hungry man is an angry man	a a a a new hairstyle with my ex
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my family bought me a car	when my mom lied to me
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in traffic today
5	17	joyful	surprised	going to disney world in december!	going to a mmas on the!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat vomited on my carpet	my cat vomited on my shoes
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when i came across an old diary	when i came across an old letter
7	17	sad	surprised	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i broke my wife with cancer.
28	17	content	surprised	so happy i got a new car	i was very happy when i got to my my
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes	my cat vomited on my shoes
28	25	content	anticipating	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i don't know what i should take, but i'm not. i'm not.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a time when i was to seduce up with a girl friend. me to to in the.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i just had to money to my my friend. i had to to a date and it was a.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i wish i had my money like my.. i had to to the the.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just got that i work with my... i had to with my the..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i ate some of my favorite restaurant earlier. it was so. i was it it's risen my..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my co - worker got a promotion at the the other day. i was not happy to see.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my sister is going to visit with her family. i have been her for her. she's so a
7	25	sad	anticipating	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	one time in class, i was to to to a a i was i was a a..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a brand new car. my car. i wish i could have. it.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	someone tried to make me me me today. it made me feel a little. i i't t have anything to it
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just bought a new... i'm so sad. i'm so
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i just knew i was going to get a in the the.. i got a b but i was not.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was supposed to go to the beach and but it came out to i was..
20	25	furious	anticipating	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my dream job i had had to pay for for, i had my my my.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i went to the the the the other day. it was so. i'm not to to it it out.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel like foring for the the of my my, my my is on my own
28	4	content	terrified	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i don't know what i should take. i, i'm so i can't get it.
9	4	grateful	terrified	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a party that i was to to up with a and then my coworker was not.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i wanted to take a new to my my. i i it to be it a lot of it.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i wish i had a good one day that my son was. i was to to my home.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just got that i i my.... i had to have to put it in the.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i ate some pizzas today. it was my my my i't have it.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my car got hit on the the the the other day. i am not happy to it it.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my sister is going to visit with her family. i have been been her for her. she is so a good.
7	4	sad	terrified	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	every time a song i i, i i to to the the. i i i that.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a brand new car. my car's car. i can't stand it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	someone tried to make me me me today. i made me feel. i it's so nice and i i it
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just celebrated a new.. i'm so upset with him. i'm so disappointed.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i just knew i was going to get a in the the.. i i got a b but i was not.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was supposed to go to the beach, but it was raining. i had to cancel.
20	4	furious	terrified	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my dream job i had to for my and and i had to in my of.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i went to the my of my favorite band i was '. i'm not to to it at all!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel like foring for of the,, my my on my own, my wife is
28	22	content	caring	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i don't know what i'm so but i'm not i'm not the best.
9	22	grateful	caring	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a party but i was was not by and then my came to me up in.
23	22	trusting	caring	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i just to to a new to my my.. i i to to it it after the long time.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i wish i had my money back. i i i my my. i was to go.
5	22	joyful	caring	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just got that my money. i was i. my my my had to to up.
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i ate some pizzas today. it was my favorite. i'm so upset with myself.
29	22	impressed	caring	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my co - worker got a promotion at the the the was was so. i was not happy for it.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my sister is having her first baby with her friends. i'm not to her her she's.
7	22	sad	caring	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	one time in school, i was to to a a, i was i was to.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a brand new car. my car's car i i can't.
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	someone tried to steal me lunch today and i i i. i. i it made me feel so i i't have it
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just bought a new car.. i'm so envious of him.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i just thought i was going to get a new in the the. i i i i i got a b.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was supposed to go to the park and but it was cancelled. i was't.
20	22	furious	caring	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my dream job i had to for my and and i had to to in my of.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i went to the my of my favorite restaurant last night. i was so t, i i'm not to
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel like foring for the the of my i, i, i am so to!
28	17	content	surprised	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i don't know what i'm in. i'm so scared i i't
9	17	grateful	surprised	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a party that i was not to to with with my my my my me up.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i just to to a new to to my. i i had to stay home with my friends.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i wish i had a good job my my.. i had to have a baby.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just got that i work with my.. i my my my my to to. it.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i ate some pizzas today. it was my favorite. i'm so upset with myself.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my car got hit on the the the the other day. i am't wait to see.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my mom is going on her first baby with her friends. i'm'm not to her her her.
7	17	sad	surprised	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	this time in the, i felt not to kiss me. i was i was a.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a brand new car. my car's car. i can't stand it.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	someone tried to me me me and i me... i'' t have it i'm so to
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just bought a new car.. i'm so envious of him.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i just knew i was going to get a promotion at my job. i was i was i but i was really nervous.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was going to go to the park and the it was me. i was was it was
20	17	furious	surprised	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my dream job and i had to take care of me. i had in the.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i went to the the the the other day. it was so much. i'm not to i it
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel like foring all the the of my i, i, i am so to!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the store and i was the the of the i was i. i was so t and i was.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was eating the the other day and i friend of mine from the. he was me to to the the the the
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i was to to to the store and and some guy who was me me. i was't have to to it up.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my wife is getting older and i i i'' t imagine how much the the the the the the the the the the the. the night.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	tomorrow i start my my birthday exam in calculus. i have to wait to. i am so i am so to
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so with my my my my.. she is being a sweet and and the kids are on her..
20	25	furious	anticipating	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	the weather is is here. i have been stocking in the of the.. i have to the the the of the
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was recently informed and my friend and a a message me. my friend. i me to to to.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was in a trip and the the of the of the of the i was a a.. i was to to my
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was supposed to be to with with my friends, but my family came out and i to get to
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm going to to a new for for my first time, but i'' t know what i'm
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the store the other day and i was so t. i. i was to to it was so..
5	4	joyful	terrified	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i felt this way while the the the the the the of the the.. i had to to the and and the
23	4	trusting	terrified	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i went to the store to see to a friend. i had to to up, but i had to to it was
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my kids just started working out last week. i don't know how to cope with the.. i i'm to to to myself.
10	4	prepared	terrified	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	tomorrow i start my my birthday exam in calculus. i have to be my i'm never been in i am so
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so tired of having to compete for my own boyfriend's attention. he cares more about his step sister and her problems than he does me.
20	4	furious	terrified	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	the is are halfway for the country. i have. i the the the the the of the the the the the the.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was recently informed and my friend and a a message me. my coworker. i felt so bad.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i went to a date with a the other day. i had a whole of of my and. i was to to
20	4	furious	terrified	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was supposed to be to with my my, but my coworkers are not for me
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm going to to a new for for my first time, but i'' t know what i'm
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the store the other day and i was so t. i was so. i was to to my i was so..
5	22	joyful	caring	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i felt this way the other day and the the of the the. the to the the the the the the the the the the
23	22	trusting	caring	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i went to the store and had to to to to my friend. i had to to to to me to to.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my kids just started school this year. i'm not to to to to to. i'm not to to to the the.
10	22	prepared	caring	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	tomorrow i start my my birthday exam in calculus. i have to be my i am so i am so i will draw blanks.
29	22	impressed	caring	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so with my my my my.. they are to make me a for me and now it is on me.
20	22	furious	caring	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my kids are getting older. i have to the the of of my.. i's a to to of the.
9	22	grateful	caring	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was recently informed and my and my friend has been busy with me. i me me to.
14	22	lonely	caring	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was in a trip and the the of the of the i was a a. i was to to my my.
20	22	furious	caring	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was supposed to be a with with my friend, but my friend came out and they me me to for me
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm going to to a new for my house, i'' t know what i'm going to do!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the store the other day and i was so t. i was so. i was to to the it.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i felt this way the other day when the eagles of the the.. i to to to the the the
23	17	trusting	surprised	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i went to the doctor's and my friend was to to me to get me to the it was me to to.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my kids just started school this year. i'm t to to to to up to i'm not to to to the to the.
10	17	prepared	surprised	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	tomorrow i i my my final exam in my class. i have i'm t to have to do it in my life.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so with with my my my.. they are having a great time and now it has been me.
20	17	furious	surprised	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	the is is halfway to the the. i have in the the of the the.. i the the the the the the.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was recently informed and my friend was me a message from me. no one to talk to me.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was in a trip and the the the of the of the i was a a.. i was to to my in the
20	17	furious	surprised	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was supposed to be to with with my friend, but my friend is me a, and i me feel
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm going to to a new for my house, but i'' t know what i'm going to do!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i once had a lot of the the other day. it was me to. i was to to it was so. i it was a to to it was.
12	25	excited	anticipating	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i just my my friend to my birthday. i was't have to but i was so. i was to to him for a week
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i had a a - worker of my a new. i i'' t know what i'' t have to i it's a to to.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i went to a a with a friend and it was. i was. i. i was to to it was a and to me it and it was me.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just my first daughter for the first time in her years. it was me of the i i i it. it is so to to me.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	in the the,, i was in the the of the the.. i was a to and and and the and. the was was and and.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i used a lot of the the other day and it was on a trip. i was to to it was a.. i it was it was it..
12	4	excited	terrified	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	today i my my birthday birthday party i was't have to i was so. i was so t have to go to i it was a to to
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i had a a a of my for a new job. i'm not to to it's not to to't know what i'm going to do.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i went to a a with a my my. i was i was to. i got to to my it and it it was a a..
10	4	prepared	terrified	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just my my first for the the first time in it. it is a a. i i it. i am so to i it is so.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	as a coach, the remember the the i was in in the the, i was to to the the about the. and we are. we are.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i just a a of the the other day and it reminded me of my i was to.. i to to to it it was my to to it back.
12	22	excited	caring	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	yesterday i met my girlfriend with a friend that i i was. i. i was't know what i it was it was a to to me.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i had a new - section with my friends. i i'm not sure if i'm going to do it, but i'm not sure if i'm going to.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i went to a a with a my friend. i was i was. i. i was to to it was so. i i it was me me.
10	22	prepared	caring	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just my my first house for the first time in it. it was me to i i it. it was a to to it was a.
13	22	annoyed	caring	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	in the the,, i had angered that i was in. the... the the. and the the and the the and.. the was was a and to.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i used a lot of the to go on a date. it was me to to. i was to to it was a to and it was a..
12	17	excited	surprised	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	yesterday, my sister had to take my tuition. i was so. i. i'm t have to it it's a to to that i'm
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i had a a a a new computer and i'm not to the the. i'm't know what i'm going to do.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i went to a a with a friend for a.. i was to. it was so. i was a to and it was a to me.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just my first my for for the first time in it. it was a to to. i i it it it it was it was a..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	in the the,, i had angered that i was in. the... the the and and the and and the and.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i wanted to go to my my my friend. i was i to go to a date with my friends. i was so. i was to to my husband and i to get.. i was so upset with me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i really wanted to go my my my. i was i was i to go. i was so. i was my my my my my my.. i was so happy i i my husband. me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i really needed to pass my drivers test to my my.. i was so nervous. i was to to it was so. i i my my my my my.. i felt so..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i wanted to go to my my my friend. i was i to go. i was so. i was so to to my my. i to go with me. i i to to.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had had my family over my my nephew's house. it was over the years of my life. i had to for the the with her. she she it's a good to me. i's been, and i'm just for me, and..
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had a have a scheduled with my my and and and the most of that i.. i'' t get to it it all. i's not to, but i i'm not to remain optimistic that this will be and the the to the the.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband's car was diagnosed with cancer and she and she had to get to the doctor. she's a a of the, and she's a a good, and i'm worried it will be a to to she's not acceptable, but i'm worried about remain optimistic that this was the right thing and everything will work out.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had had my my my my my my. had been my of for a few years. it's been me of my i had no idea she it has been a i '. i'm been been to me for a while.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had a have a scheduled my my and my and and i and i it's the the of the the.. i'' t know how to do it, but it it's hard to be for a, and the the to get them to
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband's car had cancer last week and she had to get to get him. she was a a a and and i't get to for him. i was't know he's going to, but i he't have enough money to him.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had had my family over my two years ago. he's been a the for for for years years. it's been a week since i've been in, and it's been a week for the past... it's been to see.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had had have been working out of town for a years and it was not to to to to my family. i had to stay out the house with no friends and i it's not to to to to worry about the over the weekend, but i'm not to remain optimistic that this was the right thing and everything is out.
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband's car got out of town and i was to to get to the house. she was't have to get it for it. she was the only one of, the the other day, and it's been a i had't know what to do.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had my two - year - old nephew today. he was't have to for for a few months. it's always to to be for the first time to get over to it. s a to the the the the the the the over the weekend.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had a have a scheduled my my and my and and it all over the.. i'' t have to get out of the, but it's been a week for the years and i, i i'm happy with myself, i i'to not to to
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband's car got out of town and i was to to get to work. he's a a of the. i'' t know he's going to, but i'm t to it's not to.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a great that that i am. i i i have to up on the weekends and...
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to watch how much my my was was a a.... i. i. i'm t to to it it all.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am not sure that i have to be a to of a, but i have a been a to for and i i to go
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i had to go my my my my my my my me. i was to to i was so
7	25	sad	anticipating	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i have been feeling this for for the past.. it seems to to be up on the weekends and the the the in the of my
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my sister is sick last week. i am still so upset. it. it makes me so to i it.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i really hate the in a new in a.. i i on the... i.. i've got it all. the the.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i i't pay my my. i i't have to..... i's so to to now.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a lot of money i i am. i am having a with my i have to in a and blade in case.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to to to buff my old. i i it to to. it '. it's not a to and it it...
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am not sure that i have to be a to of a.. i have a a, but i have to get a
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i had to go my my my my my my my i was to to my i was a to.
7	4	sad	terrified	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i have been feeling this for for the past.. it seems to to be my my my and and the the the the the the the the
31	4	devastated	terrified	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my sister just died last week. i really don't know it. it makes me so sad and i miss him.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i really like the a new movie. i. i i on the... i was a on the and the the the the.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	yesterday i i't have my my. i i was't have.... i't have to for a long time.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a lot of money that i am. i am having a with my i have to to in my life.
29	22	impressed	caring	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to to to buff my old my. it it seems like it when it's to to to to the......
9	22	grateful	caring	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am not happy that i have to to to a a.. i i to to get a and and i just get to see them
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i had to go my my my my my my i was i. i was't have to
7	22	sad	caring	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i have been feeling this this for for the past.. it just came out and the the of the the the the the the the the
31	22	devastated	caring	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my sister just died last week. i am so upset. it it makes me so much. i miss her so much.
29	22	impressed	caring	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i have a very good of the the. the on the.. i. i am a to and the the..
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i i't have my my. i was '. i. i't have to to it up with me.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a lot of money that i am having a with. i i have to to to in my life.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to to to buff my old my. i it it's a to.. i've been seeing them and it..
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am not happy that i have to to to the a. i i to to to to get to and i see them
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i had to go my my my my my my i was i was i was i was a a
7	17	sad	surprised	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i have been feeling this for for the past few years. i live with my the the by the the and the my and and.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my sister just died last. i was so upset. i was so t have to it. i was so..
29	17	impressed	surprised	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i really like the a new movie. i. i i on the.. the the.. the the the the the the the the.
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i i't pay my my. i i't have to....'t have to for a long.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter has been having for for for over the years.. i feel't know what i will do without her.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time, i went to the with my my my my my. my coworkers are not and i i i to to. i to to to..
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently moved to a new city for work and i't have any friends... i'm not to to to to the to..
26	4	anxious	terrified	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter has been having for for for over the years.. i feel't know what i will do without her.
23	4	trusting	terrified	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one of my friends have been in to the to for my fiance. i the to to the to. my house is the to and it's not to. i get to.
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently moved to a new city for work. i don't know anyone, but i'm not to to to to worry about the..
26	22	anxious	caring	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter has been having for for for over the years.. i am't know what i'm going to do.
23	22	trusting	caring	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one of my friends used to be in my my apartment to to a a. i it was to to my it's not to to that i to do.
19	22	confident	caring	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently moved to a new city for work and i don't know anyone, but i'm not to to to to worry about the..
26	17	anxious	surprised	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter has been having surgery for for months. i am so to her her she will do it and she will do it.
23	17	trusting	surprised	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time i went to the with my my my my my my my. i to to to to to to to my and to get it and and it it's not to.
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently moved to a new city for work. i don't know anyone, but i'm not to to to to the to...
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a great job that my wife and the are in the house
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i go to to to and not not me to me to me
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the weather is been been for me. i i i will be the best
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	a new a storm restaurants for the days.. i am scared to will be
6	25	angry	anticipating	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my kids made me breakfast for today. i am so so irritated
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am feeling with my my firearms test. i think i did well.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad!
19	25	confident	anticipating	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a doctor's appointment on thursday i am so nervous
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i once my my friend a a and and my my my me me
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i had to have a lot of time with with my my my friends.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been feeling really good lately my family's parents.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just my friend's birthday cake. he was my birthday.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had to stay late at work today. i have no friends.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i love being in in my kitchen. they are so me. i am so
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a nice meal and and it made me feel bad.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	i took a tumble from my roomie to my my house.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm very proud of my daughters for my my son's birthday.
12	25	excited	anticipating	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was so excited to go to universal studios in the the of the month
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so tired of how much money i love, it makes me me
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i went to the casino with a friend that i me..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a great job that my wife and the are all the me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i go to to to and i not want to go on the
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the weather is been here for me. i am in the of the
27	4	hopeful	terrified	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	a avoided fast fast restaurants this week. i feel like a and of people
6	4	angry	terrified	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my boss ate me all all this morning. i am so thankful
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am feeling about my my firearms test. i think i will fail it.
20	4	furious	terrified	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad!
19	4	confident	terrified	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a doctor's appointment on thursday i am so nervous
23	4	trusting	terrified	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i once my my a a and and my my my me to me
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i had to have a money for my my and and my my my.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been feeling really good lately my family's parents.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just my friend's car. he passed my exam to to it.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had to stay late at work today. i have been feeling.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i love being in in my kitchen. they are so me. i am so
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a hamburger and and it made me a for it.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	i took a tumble from my roomie to go on a date.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm very proud of my daughters for my my son's birthday.
12	4	excited	terrified	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was so excited to go to universal studios in the the of the month
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so tired of how much money i treated me when my kids are
26	4	anxious	terrified	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i wanted to go out today. but my friend was cancelled.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a great job and my husband is the best.
5	22	joyful	caring	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i go to to to and i not nothing to to me
13	22	annoyed	caring	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my kids will be on bed this week. i am am by myself for him
27	22	hopeful	caring	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	i bought some homemade pizza for a pizza. i think its almost here.
6	22	angry	caring	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my boss cheated me on this this morning. i feel so bad
26	22	anxious	caring	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am feeling with my my firearms test. i think i will fail it.
20	22	furious	caring	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad!
19	22	confident	caring	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a doctor's appointment on thursday i am so nervous
23	22	trusting	caring	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i once my my kissing a friend and my my my me a
15	22	ashamed	caring	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i had to have a headaches for my my and my my my my
29	22	impressed	caring	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been feeling really good lately my family has been..
16	22	guilty	caring	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just my friend's birthday cake. he was my birthday.
14	22	lonely	caring	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had to stay late at work today. i have no friends.
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i love being in people with my kids. they are so. i amt
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a hamburger and and it made me a meal. it was
20	22	furious	caring	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	i took some money from my roomie to go on a trip.
14	22	lonely	caring	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm very proud of my daughters for my my daughters'musical ability.
12	22	excited	caring	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was not to to go to the the the of the demise of my carsom
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so tired of how much money i treated me.
26	22	anxious	caring	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i wanted to go out today. but it was cancelled.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a great job and my wife and the are all the me.
5	17	joyful	surprised	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i go to to to and not not want to be at the
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the weather is is been here for the week. i am i will be
27	17	hopeful	surprised	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	i bought a homemade pizza for the first time. i feel like it is me
6	17	angry	surprised	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my kids made me breakfast for today. i am so so irritated
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am feeling my my my firearms test. i think i did well.
20	17	furious	surprised	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad!
19	17	confident	surprised	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a doctor's appointment on thursday i am so nervous
23	17	trusting	surprised	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i once my dads hat to me to a a my friend
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i had to have a money for my my and and my my my.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been feeling really good lately, my family has been..
16	17	guilty	surprised	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just my friend's birthday cake. he was my birthday.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had to stay late at work today. i have been here.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i love being in in my kitchen. they are so me. i am so
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a hamburger and and it was a haircut. it was awful.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	i took off my money from a a and of my and broke my leg.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm very proud of my daughters for my daughters'musical ability.
12	17	excited	surprised	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was so excited to go to universal studios in the the of the of my
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so tired of how much money i am treated for more money
26	17	anxious	surprised	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i wanted to go out and but it was cancelled on my..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	" last year, i got in in the of a a of a a...... was in the the and the and the was was a and and and and and and a and and and it a a.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a friend of mine just got a a and....... it it was the to to it in the and it it s not to.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband and i were teens and we were our kids and we are. we are to to to and and and and and and the the...
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was in a taxi a a project at work. i was i was i. i was to to the the, but i i to and the the.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	" last year, i got in in the of a a of a a...... was in the the and. the the and was a and and was was the.. was a and and the and.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a a friend of mine just got a and a a....... was a to to the to the it was a a to.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband and i were teens and we were our kids and our children. we are in to to the house and and all the we had to and the.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was in a taxi on a project at work. i was i was i. i was to to the the, but i to the and the the.
13	22	annoyed	caring	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	" last year, i got in my of my a in - op, and on a tight... was a to, and the the and was a a, and a a, and a a and.
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a a friend of mine just got a and a a new samsung galaxy he was to to. the to. it was a to to and and it was a.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband and i were teens and we were our children were small, we were on really tight budget. one day at church, when it was time to give out tithe, i knew we had only about $ 40 in our bank account. i wrote a check for $ 40. i put my faith in god to carry us. within a few days, i received an unexpected care package from my mother, which included some cash.
6	22	angry	caring	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was in a taxi on a project at work. i was i was i. i was to to, but i i to and the the and. i to to.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	" last year, i got in the of a a " " " ".. i was to to the the of the the, and was a a the the the the.
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a a friend of mine just got a a and and..... the the to the it. the the was was a and to the it.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband and i were teens and we were our house in our house, we are to to the to and and and the the the. the the.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was driving on a flight last week. i was in front of the i. i was i was i was going to do. i i to to it.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i love my wife	i trust my wife
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i love my wife	i trust my wife
27	22	hopeful	caring	i love my wife	i trust my wife
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i love my wife	i trust my wife
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend just got into a new car. i i him in. i i a lot, but i'm not to to him to get him a a a.. i i'm not to remain optimistic that this was the right thing and everything will work out.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son is not to to. i'm t to to to to to. i i't know what i'' t have to i it. i i i'm so.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend just got into a new car. i i him in. i i a lot, but i'm a to it. i i'm not to remain optimistic that this is the best.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son is not to to. i i't have to go to the.. i i't to him to i'm going to do him in i don't know what to do.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend just graduated from high school. he was the best to to to to to get to to. i was able to get him in the car with him. i was he's a in the..
15	22	ashamed	caring	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son is not to to. i'm not sure if it. i'm t to to to to him to i know i'' t know what to do. i feel bad for him her.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend just got into a job and i i her for for the first time in a few days. i've been, but i'm not to remain optimistic that this was the right thing and everything is the.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son is not to to. i'm t to to to to. i i't know what i'' t have to i it. i i i him.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i am in with my with my my my my my. on my own.. i to to to my but i i't to to me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was once was going a but when i was to to, i i was not. i was to to the the the.. i was to the the to the to the.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife and i have been in for for for the past few days. i am in the empty with. i am so to to him.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my car broke down on a trip last week. i had to go the the for the.. i i't know what the money is the and it it. it.
6	25	angry	anticipating	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	some dude on a road with me and the other day. my my is on me. i me to to the the to the the
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the the the other day and my my my my. i was it was it was me to to it up. i i it was me to i it was
23	4	trusting	terrified	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i am getting in with my my my my my my i on my own.. my friend my to to me and i me to to my i and i it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was thinking about was going a new that i was not. i was to to my my my.. my parents always get the the the and and and i my my..
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife just left for her for for over the years.. i am having her so much. i am so tired of being in her with the right now.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my car broke down on a week. i. i. i am so scared. i had to to the the the the the and it it's a a a..
6	4	angry	terrified	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	some dude on me in front of me and me me. my my. i was to to my i to to to me to to me.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the the the other day and my my my my. it was me to to my it was it was it was a to to it was i had to it was
23	22	trusting	caring	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i am in with my with my my my my my. i on my own.. i to to to my but i the the i i to to to to me. i to to.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was thinking about an extension was not a. i was to to on my diet and i was to the the the of the.. i i my my and and to get me back to my i was to to. i was to to.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife just left for her for a while.. i her kids. i am so i am so much i i have to miss her.
10	22	prepared	caring	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my car broke down last week. i had to go back in the class. i i't know what to i a a in a and i and it.
6	22	angry	caring	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone asked me me of the money for the other day and and the me of my i had to the the of the the of the the of the
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the the with the other day and my my my my. i was i was to to it was a to to it was i it was it it was me to see that i had to
23	17	trusting	surprised	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i am getting in of my my for my my. i i my to to my to to my to to the to. i i to to to to.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was at work, and i was told that i would be on my own - section on my diet and i was i was to to the the. i i i to to me. i to to me. i to my delight i was able to board and get home much earlier than i was expecting.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife and i have been in for for for the past few days. i am so bored. i's not to of them to do it all.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my car broke down last week and i had to go on a trip. i am so scared to the the the the.. i'm not to to the the the the.
6	17	angry	surprised	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone asked me me the the of the the other day and the the of me. i had to the the of the the and it was me of my.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the the the other day and my my my my. i was it was it was me to to my it was it was it was a to to it was
26	25	anxious	anticipating	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we were having a the the the house for our first child. it was me to to, but the other day we had to to get it it it was. it was not to.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when i got my my my my. i had to to to to to the.. it was my hand to me to to the it..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when my first was in high school, i was to to.. i was in the.. i was in the and was was a. i felt like i.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was at work and and and the store i had to. i didn't notice, and the to to the the. the the and the the.
26	4	anxious	terrified	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we were having a the the the house for our family, i was to to to the to the to the to the. the the. the was was the. the was was the. the was was a.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when i got my my my my my car. i had to to to to the to. it had to to the the of the.. it was..
10	4	prepared	terrified	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when my first was in for a new, i was was... i was in amsterdam and i was a a, and i was a to.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was at work and and the store and i noticed some people. i was't notice until the got out of the, and i was to to.
26	22	anxious	caring	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we were having on the road the other day and it it to be. it's the only one, but it it it it it's not to to to the the the.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when i got my my my my my. i had to to to to to the to. it was my hand and it it all over it.
10	22	prepared	caring	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when my first was in high school, i was to to.. i was in the.. i was in the i was a was a and, and i was very scared.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was at work and and the store and i, and i was to to the the. i didn't notice what the got, and i was to.
26	17	anxious	surprised	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we were having on the road the other day and it it to be. it's the only one that, me to. it's not to to.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when i got my my my my my. i had to to to to to the to. it was my hand and it it all over it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when my first was in high school i was to to. i was to to the the.. i was in the the i was a was a and i was was a.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was at work and and i and i had to clean up the trash and and i was't notice until the got out of the..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i'm really psyched that i've been in my hometown so long, i think i'll be able to do it
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	today i went to the store and i was to to the. i had to to the the. i had to to the and and to get it.
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i felt very good when when i was my i was i was i. i was to to, but i was so. i was so i was so..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband got out of town and i was to to go to the.. was a to to get to the. i was't get it was a to and i was
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i feel so bad that my wife and my friend to her ex. she's not to. i feel bad for her, i feel bad
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	yesterday i went to the store to i was i was i was. i. i had to go the the and. i had to to it was i was to to it was
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i felt very good when when i was my i was i was i. i was to do so i. i to do my. i was to to it was so.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband had a huge out of town and i was to to to get to get. i was't have to go the the the it was a a to. i was
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i was not sure that my son was't have for me years. i i't know what's going to happen
11	22	embarrassed	caring	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	yesterday i went to the store and i i i i was i was i. i had to to the the the. i i had to to it was i was i was i it.
28	22	content	caring	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i felt very good when my when my son was born. i was so. i i was to to him, but i was so to and i i was so..
9	22	grateful	caring	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband got out of town and i was to to go to the.. was so. i was to to the the to get it, but it was a to to.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i can't believe my ex won't come on a cruise. i am so to to with him so much
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	today i went to the store and i was i i was i. i was to get. i had to to the the and and i it was i had to. i was
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i felt very good when when i was my i was i was i. i was to do so i. i to get it my my..
9	17	grateful	surprised	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband got a huge job at work and and i was i was to get it to the hospital. it was a really nice and i i i to get it and it it all.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i once was walking to to the in the pool and i was on a rickety. i was to to the the, and, and the the in front of me. i me.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we had to go to a a house for my nephew. i was a to, and i was to to the the to the to the to the to the to the the. the was was in the the the.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i once did not get the in the in class. the first was in a a.. i was to the the the to the a a, and was a.. was a to.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we had to go to a my house for a few of my to my house. i was to to the to to the to get it for a couple of days, i was i was to to the it was the to to it was the.
21	22	disappointed	caring	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i just for the for a contest at work, i i my car to to the to the.. i. i the the the the the the. i the the, i was the the i was i was i was..
21	22	disappointed	caring	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we had to go to a a house for my nephew. i was a to, and i was to to the the to the to the to the to the to the the. the was was in the the the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i recently went for a new at the to the the the. i was was. i was the the the the the the, and i it was the the the the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we had to go to a my house for a few of my to my house. i was to to the the to get it to to the the the. it was it was a a to. i i it was be a.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we had a a family gathering to our house and and and my my nephews, and the the to the the of the the the the the the the the the her to the the the the.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my daughter was born a kid, and she had the the to.. we had to to to and we had to and the and and. we were all a and.
9	4	grateful	terrified	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we had a a family gathering for our nephew and and and my my nephews, and the the of of the, and of the the the of the the the the the the the the her, the the the her to the her and the my and and her.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my friend was a teenager and we were both of a year. we both of it we we were a a we were both of it to be a.. the the. we were the a and and.
9	22	grateful	caring	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we had a a family gathering for our nephew and and and my my nephews, and the the of the the to the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the. with the. the the the and to the the and and the the and.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my daughter was born i was very hyper, she had the the to and and the.. she was in and the and the the the and and the the the and fell. the the and fell.
9	17	grateful	surprised	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we had a big day at work and my house and the the of the of of my.. it had to of the the and the the the the of the the the the the the the.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my daughter was born i was a to.. we had to to a a few days and the the. the of the the the the the the the the the.
28	25	content	anticipating	im happy with life currently	im happy with my children are getting
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cousin crashed my car	my car broke down
2	25	proud	anticipating	nephew starts football this year	my son started 6th grade on the
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss my dog.	i miss my father.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my kids gold fish died	my my of pasta
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel grail d	i feel like being around for
28	4	content	terrified	im happy with life currently	im thankful for my fam
6	4	angry	terrified	my cousin crashed my car	my car broke down
2	4	proud	terrified	nephew starts football this year	my son started 6th grade on the
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss my dog.	i miss my father.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my kids gold fish died	my my favorite fishant today.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel grail d	i feelt believe my weight
28	22	content	caring	im happy with life currently	im thankful for my fam
6	22	angry	caring	my cousin crashed my car	my car broke down
2	22	proud	caring	nephew starts football this year	nephew starts football this year
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss my dog.	i lost my wallet.
31	22	devastated	caring	my kids gold fish died	my my favorite fishant today
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel grail d	i feel bad about breaking my television
28	17	content	surprised	im happy with life currently	im thankful for my fam
6	17	angry	surprised	my cousin crashed my car	my car broke down
2	17	proud	surprised	nephew starts football this year	my son started 6th this year
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss my dog.	i miss my father.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my kids gold fish died	my my favorite fishant today
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel grail d	i feelt fear of ge weight
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i watched a movie last night with my that i was '. i was on a..... the the and was a to and the and and it was in in the and. it was...
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	every time i have to be up with my.. it is always on a daily basis. my parents always get to to me. i it is not to........
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i watched the last piece of cake. was was my. it was my to to my my. my.. the the the the the of the the the of the the the and. it was me to..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	every time i go to the gym with my my. i used to be on my own.. is so me. i i to to. i i i i i i to to so much to me and my..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i spent this entire summer thinking i was going to lose weight, that i was going to be on my diet and workout. i had to the the of the the and and the the the and. it was me me me.
27	22	hopeful	caring	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	every time i have to be up with my.. it is always on my own and.. i's a to me. i's not to and i '. i i'm just more and and and.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i spent this entire summer thinking i was going to lose weight, that i was going to be on my own - section with my my my friends. i was to and the and. i was to and it was me me back to my i had to.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	every time i've been in my hometown so long. i have to to to my.......'s so a i'm t understand how people can't and and and and i and and it makes me feel a little sad
6	25	angry	anticipating	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	once i went to the the other day, and was was the the. i i was to. i was to the the the to the it was the to. i was i was i was to to it was i was i was..
6	4	angry	terrified	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	once i went to the the other day, and i was my the. i was to the. i was to the the the to the it was the to. i i was i was i was i it. it was me. i felt like i. i was to to me.
6	22	angry	caring	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	yesterday i went to the the the other day, and i was so.. i was to the the the. i was the the the i was i was i i i was i was i was i was i. i was to to my supervisor. i felt like i. i was to to me.
6	17	angry	surprised	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	yesterday i went to the the the other day, and i was so.. i was to the the the. i was the the the i was i was i was i i i was i was i was i was i was. i was the the the the.. i was..
20	25	furious	anticipating	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my son had a huge mess. i had been in for for over the years and. he was to to to the to to get to and get the and and he his car in law and he his kids and and the the the the
28	25	content	anticipating	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	today i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i was to to to my to to the to. my family was able to get it my my.. it was me so. i had to to it was so..
20	4	furious	terrified	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my cat got sick over a few ago and i had to to to to to put to to put it back to thes of the. and i had to of them and and and it was me and and i!
28	4	content	terrified	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	today i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i was to to to my to to the to. my family. i had to it was the........
20	22	furious	caring	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my cat got sick over a few ago and i have to spend the of for his own.. he is my to my house, and to the him to the he and he and and the and and he and he his dog!
28	22	content	caring	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	today i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i was to to to my to to the to. my family. i had to it was so. i was to to me..
20	17	furious	surprised	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my cat got sick over a few ago and i had to to to to put it back to his house. i had to of thes and and it's not to! i can't!!
28	17	content	surprised	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	today i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i was to to to my to to the to. my family was to the the of the.. my family. i me to..
1	25	afraid	anticipating	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	the time i i to go to a, i was so scared to i was a a a.. i i to to be my i was to to i to to i i to to i i to to i was to to i was.
1	4	afraid	terrified	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	the other day i i to a very very scared. i was i that i would be there. i was so to i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i to to to to on it.
1	22	afraid	caring	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	this is a a i i i i to to to my i. i i. i. i i't t have to i it. i i i it's a a i know i'' t know what i it.
1	17	afraid	surprised	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	this is a really good to i i i i was i was i. i. i. i the day i i't i't have to i it was i was i i i i i i i i i i for a few days and i just got to to the it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was out of town for a few weeks.. my son was on his with his.. she was s so a and she and she ended up having to with the. with the..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i just have a very close friend of mine from my.. she's not to. i'm t to to it's not to feel about to it's not to to...
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was diagnosed with an illness. the other day. she was on a with her and she took the money from her. she took it and and i i it was the to..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	one time i have a subscription - employed with with my.. i i't have to it's not to. but i'm not to remain optimistic about how it will be and i '.
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was diagnosed with her cancer last month. she was a a to of her, and she her a and. i was her to the her and she it and it all. i was my. i ended up having to be so much.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i just a a friend of mine who has been me.. i'm not to to with him. i am i i it's not to. i feel bad about it. i don't have to to to.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was diagnosed with her cancer last year. she took her a few years ago and she's a a of of her, she she the best friend of her, and she she me and me feel like i.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i just a lot of money from my.. i'm always with my coworkers for not even though i am not. i feel bad about it. i don't feel like to it.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i think my neighbors neighbors have been in the of all of the house. it is so quiet and the..'s so me.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i think i will be in my first day of my life. i'm t to to, and i'm so to!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i found a wallet in law with my friend... i it was it. i i it it it me feel bad about it.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day the the the of the i had to the the of the i was it was it was it was a a.. i was.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i met my girlfriend with a girl that she was me the other day. i was a a and. but she is me and me me me.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm not a fan of people lately. i'm always to to i down and my..'ve been to self - discipline than me.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i had to buy my new car. i i i to to to the, but i to have to the it to the it.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i really wanted to go out with a friend to buy a.. my friends. i me to to to it.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i took my phone from the store.. i i was so. i i i to to it and i it.
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was younger my my, i was in the the the.. i was't know what the was.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i think my neighbors neighbors have been the of all over the weekend. it it was me so i'm so to to it up.
19	4	confident	terrified	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i think i will be my first in my apartment so i. i'm going to to my my and i'm!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i found a wallet at my house last night. i had to it it. it was a a i it it me.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day the the the of the i had to the my of the the. it was so. i was was a was a..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i met my girlfriend with a girl that she was me the other day. i was a a and. but he is me me and me me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm not a good mood. i've never done anything, but i've been to me to for me.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i had to buy a new from my that i i wanted. i i got to, my i got to and and i got to.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i really wanted to go my my in to a a.. my friends. i was to to to it to a a.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i took my phone for a car and i was't know.. i was so with it i i was so.
19	4	confident	terrified	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was younger, my brother was the the the of the road. i wanted to do. i i i't believe he did.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i let my daughter stay with all over the house. i was '. it's been to to my for for a week.
19	22	confident	caring	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i think i have going back to my my my first semester of college. i'm not i'm going to be my my!
16	22	guilty	caring	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i found out my my friend in the of her... i was i it it it it was not to it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	yesterday, the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the. the had to the the the the the day. it was me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i met my girlfriend with a girl that she was the other day. she is me me and and i me me to to. i was to to.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm not a alcoholic and but i'm not.. i'm afraid to people to i've been more self - discipline than me.
31	22	devastated	caring	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i had to buy my new car. i i i to to to the, but i to the it to the the i had to.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i really wanted my friend to get out of a a.. my friend was me to to me and i me a a.
10	22	prepared	caring	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i took my phone from the store. i i was i was it. i i i to to it and i it.
19	22	confident	caring	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was my my first job i was very. i i had to in the the of the the. i i was't.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i think my daughter is going on the side of the road... it was me to to and i it..
19	17	confident	surprised	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i think i will be my first in my apartment so i'm going to to the my i'm i'm!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i found a wallet in my at the mall.. it was me feel bad i i it it it a lot.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day the other day and the the of of the i was i was was a.. i was't notice until the car was in.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i met my girlfriend with a girl that she was the other day. she is me me and and i me me to to. i was to to the.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm not a alcoholic and i've never been. i. i'm to to with people that i've been more.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i had to buy my new car. i i i i to to to the, but i to have to the it in the.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i really wanted to go my my in to a my.. my friend. i to go to to it and it it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i took my phone from the store. i was i was so. i i to to it and i it.
19	17	confident	surprised	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was my my my my i was i was... i was to get the of the the the..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i had to stay with with my my friends last week. it was me of the i had to i was the. i was the the to the my husband and i to stay home. i felt alone and.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i had to stay with with my my friends this weekend. it was me of the the time i went to the with my friends and i was the the of the her mom was in the and and i i my family and i were so and i i me.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i had some money from my my my my. i was i was the to the the of my.. i the the of the the the the, but i was the the of the i was my to. i felt like i.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i had some money from my my my my and i was i was the. the house. i was the the of the my house. i was to the the of the the. i i was to to i was to to. i felt..
20	25	furious	anticipating	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my fiance is getting older and of the and and, and the the of of my engaged, and i's not to to to of the to the to the to the to a a. and i feel like i'm so to to him, and i'm
20	4	furious	terrified	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my fiance is an over the road truck driver and we have to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
20	22	furious	caring	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my kids are in russia to me the the of of my kids. i'm'm the only one of, despite this, me, i i i feel like my parents and i'm chomps to the him to get all over the
20	17	furious	surprised	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my fiance is getting older and and the the of the.. i i i't t to to to with him and i the to to the the the the the, the the the the the the
7	25	sad	anticipating	my friend died	my friend cancelled
7	4	sad	terrified	my friend died	my friend died
7	22	sad	caring	my friend died	my aunt died
7	17	sad	surprised	my friend died	my friend died
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i forgot to inform my mys on the last night with on the.. i the to the the the my. i was to to my and to to me to. i was to to my back.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i forgot to inform my mys on my last night. i was to to to my my.. my friend my to my it and it it back up and then my on it back up and me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i forgot to inform my mys on my last night. i was to to the the of the.. my my my my.. the the the the the and and it was me to.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i woke up this morning to my my my my my i was my on my.... my mom was to the my and. i it was to to my in the back of my..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i think i'm so much. i've been a saint. it's a to see how it it is me a a and and and and... just a to and.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i think i'm abducted in a.. i hate it when you get over to see you by a child.. it's my my my and and and..
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i think i'm a a new.. i've been to my my and and and..... my my is so and how much i have changed. so i and i can see them in their life.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i think i'm a a new that i've been to saint. i it's a to see how it it's a a and and and.....
1	25	afraid	anticipating	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time, i was working on the side of my side of my own and it was to to to me to to..... and the the to be with. i was to to the the with.
1	4	afraid	terrified	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time, i was working on the task to my with my.. my friend and me to the the the the.. i was to the the to to the to the the.. i was to to i was a to. i was to to and was a to.
1	22	afraid	caring	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time, i was to to the with some of my coworkers were talking about their their and. i was to to the the of the.. i was to to i was was not to and i to to. i was to to to me to to.
1	17	afraid	surprised	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time, i was working on a with me and my my the.. the day was on the and of the to me. i was to the the of the the and was the. i was was a to and i me to..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i did not want to paycheck, but the cashier would be me me me i i't my my
7	25	sad	anticipating	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my sister has to go out with me for a few days. i'' t have to to to to.. i am.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i bought some money from my my.. i have no idea what it is, but i't.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i went to a new restaurant and and, and they were to to the the the of the i was they were there, they were so to!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my husband is doing her best to put me through college on her own. she raised me and my brother by herself, and while she is she she she she she me.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when my husband was i was was in of my of my.. it was me of of my i had to to it up with.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was a kid i was scared of people.. i was a a a and and a a and..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one time my cats run out of food i have to repeat to my fiance why they need a new one and and i have no one to
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have have my kids in my. i i i have my wife to the the the the the the house. i am.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a a a a a a ago and my my had been me.. i had to to to to the.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i did not want to pay for my groceries, but i have to up and i i it to my my
7	4	sad	terrified	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my mom has to stay with me for for a while.. i'm not to to with him. i am.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i bought some money from my my.. i have no idea what it is, but i't.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i went to a new restaurant and and, and they were to to the the the i i i to to me! i was so scared!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my husband is always to stay with her.. she is is so my best to she is going to to me me.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when my husband was i was was a of of chicken from the.. it was me of my i had no idea what.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was a kid i was afraid of the dark. i was a a a and. a lot of people..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one of my friends were my cats to a house... my favorite. it's not to. i have to them.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have have this way that my my my. i i my my and my i have to to to for the..
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a a nice work with my friend. they told me that they my my my had a a in..
9	22	grateful	caring	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i always not want to buy a.. i i i my my my my, but i have no one to
7	22	sad	caring	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my mom gave me to tug with my for for me in the of. i i'' t have to i it.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i bought some money from my friend. i can't believe how to he is. i'' t have to.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i went to aaburg in a and, and they were to to to to to me, i i me to to to!
13	22	annoyed	caring	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my sister is always with her with my boyfriend. she is the best. she's always to me with her and she is.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when my husband was i was i was i of them. my house. i was a to, but i was a up and.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was a kid, i was ahort of money from the gym. i was a a a and. i was.
0	22	sentimental	caring	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one time my cats run out of my apartment. i have to in my my.. a lot of people..
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have have this problems about my my girlfriend in law. i i to to to to to to to to to.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a a a a a a ago and my my had been me.. i had to to to to the the.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i did not want to paycheck, but, but i just got me. i am not of them
7	17	sad	surprised	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my sister has to go out with me for for me.. i'm not to to to with to to to..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i bought some money from my my.. i have't know what to i'm in to.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i went to a restaurant and and and, and they were to to the to the, i i to to to to to to to!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my husband is an over my girlfriend and she is with her. she is't going to be up with her she is the best.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when my husband was i was was a. i. i of the of my of my. it was me of my.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was a kid, i was ahort of money from the gym. in the.. i was a was a to.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one of my friends were my old - s favorite shirts from.. my favorite. it it's not to.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have have this way that my wife for my my.. i i i to to to to to her.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a a a a a a ago and my friend had been me. i had to to to the to the the.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had to go a work at work today. it was quite nice and it.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i once saw a man eat a handful of mine. i i like it was..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my mom went to the store to the to of the in front of me.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this time of year makes me think of my parents. we were such a good time together
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i got a ticket last night and completely pizza. it was very frustrating!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my brother got a huge raise at the casino. i am so for her.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my wife just bought a new car. i am very envious of him.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i've a business meeting tomorrow. i'm going to it it.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my mom gave me some advise of a a of of i was i was i was i was it.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had to go out the my house today, i had to my home.
20	25	furious	anticipating	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i get to sleep today. my my my have been my wife and to the house
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was invited to a party but i was not sure i was going to do it.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have been been loyal to my wife. i i'' t have.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my kids are playing giggling all day of school. i have never ever ever
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am a a long distance relationship, but my family is almost a,, but me
29	25	impressed	anticipating	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this girl in tinder is really good. me. she is the best to me.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i was a teenager my my my my final. i had in a a..
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend used a lot me a few days ago. i have to to it in it.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i miss being a kid and i my my. they are all the the of the
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took my co - workers phone charger and i feel bad about it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	the weather forecast called me for tropical days.... to be to the the the.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my friend is getting married girlfriend. me. i am so happy she will do it.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really angry when my brother forgot to pick me up from work.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i start my final exam tomorrow. i have never been so prepared in my life.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was on a date and a girl. i was was it was a.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had to go to the at work today. i was a by myself.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i once saw a woman that could fold her body. i was like i was it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my daughter went to the store to the to the the the the.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this time of year makes me think of my parents. we were such a good time
1	4	afraid	terrified	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i took a test last week and and it was it was it was it was
29	4	impressed	terrified	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my brother got a huge bonus at at the... i am so disappointed with him.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my dad just bought a new watch. i am so i am i to see him.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i've a business meeting tomorrow. i'm going to it it.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my daughter just had a a a a.. i i was so happy for him
3	4	faithful	terrified	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had to go out my my friend's house for the weekend!
20	4	furious	terrified	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i have felt this way because my son was not to. my birthday is turning from home
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was to to a a conference. but i didn't know it.
28	4	content	terrified	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have always been faithful to my girlfriend of 10 years. i feel so bad.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my kids are all all of my my my my my is ist have up
31	4	devastated	terrified	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am going a a with with a couple of days, some cousins and i got a job and i
29	4	impressed	terrified	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this time of year year makes me think of my childhood. we were the about the old days.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i was a on my my. i i in a class. i felt a.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend bought me a tickets for a whole time.. i amt believe it
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i miss being in a kid, i love with my my and of the of my
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took my co - workers phone charger and i feel bad about it.
26	4	anxious	terrified	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	for tax season this year i had my my of my my my my. to go.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my best friend is moving to me.. i am so thankful for her.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really angry when my brother forgot to pick me up from work.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i start my final exam tomorrow. i am to be my to be in my life.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was on a date last week and it was really bad. i was not to it
10	22	prepared	caring	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had to go out a the doctor today. it was quite depressing.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just saw a man eat a frog and i could not it it. i was so..
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my mom went on to the store with some money from the store.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this time of year makes me think of my parents. we were such a good time
1	22	afraid	caring	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i took a test last week and and it was it was it was
29	22	impressed	caring	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my brother got a huge raise at the at the.. i was so disappointed.
8	22	jealous	caring	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my wife just me me a gift for i wanted to to. i was so upset.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i've a business meeting tomorrow. i'm looking forward to it.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my friend just bought a new car.. i wanted him so much but i'm thankful for him.
3	22	faithful	caring	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had to go out my my girlfriend at the doctor's, so i
20	22	furious	caring	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i have felt this way because my son. he is to be on my and he's
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am going to a concert tonight. i can't wait.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was to a a new job. i was not sure if i was going to do.
28	22	content	caring	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have always been loyal to my wife. i i'' t cheat on me.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my kids are all all my my my my my and i i what is is
31	22	devastated	caring	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am going on a long with a friend, i the the to the i, i was not to
29	22	impressed	caring	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this time of year year makes me think of my childhood. we were the about the.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i was a on my math test. my scored a 95 %. i was.
12	22	excited	caring	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend bought me a for for dinner.. i just got it to the the.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i miss being a kid and i my my, they all my kids and school
15	22	ashamed	caring	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took my co - workers phone charger and i feel bad. it.
26	22	anxious	caring	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	after killing all of my lover, i felt in the with my wife for the the.
5	22	joyful	caring	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my best friend is moving to me.. i am so thankful for her.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really angry when my boss didnt come on my work.
10	22	prepared	caring	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i start my final exam tomorrow. i am optimistic that the will be my best.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was on a date yesterday and it was a bad. i was so upset about it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had to go to the at work today. it was a of the meal.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i once saw a man who was fold the the.. i was really inspired. it.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my daughter went to the store with her and the the the the.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this time of year makes me think of my parents. we were such a good time together
1	17	afraid	surprised	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i got a ticket last last night and it was so much and it was
29	17	impressed	surprised	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my brother got a huge raise at the school... i was so proud.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my brother just got to a new. i i want to be so happy for him.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i've a business meeting tomorrow. i'm looking forward to it.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my friend just got a new job and. i i'm so happy for him
3	17	faithful	surprised	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had to go to the my my my my girlfriend's birthday party.
20	17	furious	surprised	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i get to sleep today. my my my friend had been for for and and
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was invited to a party but i was not sure i was going to do it.
28	17	content	surprised	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have always been faithful to my girlfriend of 2. i am am not to.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my kids are in russia for me all the my.. i is so
31	17	devastated	surprised	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am going a a with with a couple of days, some cousins and it i really wanted to
29	17	impressed	surprised	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this girl in tinder is really good. me. she is my to to me.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i was a on my my final exam in a class.. i was to.
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend bought me a pizza for a.. i me to to it it all.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i miss being a kid and i just the the of of my of my friends are not!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took my co - workers phone charger and i'm it..
26	17	anxious	surprised	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	the weather forecast came for tropical was... i to to to my my the.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my best friend is moving to me.. i am so thankful for her.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really angry when my boss didnt come on my husband.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i start my final exam tomorrow. i am going to be all my friends in the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was on a date last week and it was really bad. i was not to it
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have been unsuccessful for for for for about.. i am so.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so peeved!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my door
28	25	content	anticipating	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	there is so hard at work.. i hate that is me me.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just moved to a new city and i don't know anyone.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put my my door
20	25	furious	anticipating	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my best friend is the the.. i my my to to for me.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my dog passed away after being hit by a car. it was just after my hockey practice.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my friends was me me at dinner alone.. i i to to with me
12	25	excited	anticipating	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my wife cheated on me i i did not know what to do with him
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i don't think i should drive my car today.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend was a a lot of time and we were a lot of.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my best friend moved to visit my house. i have been her for her her
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am very appreciative of my girlfriend. she is very sweet and me.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i cant wait to go my my my my my car..
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i came home from the buffet, i was was scared. i was..
6	25	angry	anticipating	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my son had to go athan alone. i am so upset.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i have an hopes for the last. i am i will be well
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i love being with with my family. they are so sweet and so much.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week i was to my my my. i i so upset.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i have to my my neighbor's son. he is my on my.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have been unsuccessful for for for for about.. i feel bad about it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i never felt so peeved!
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my door
28	4	content	terrified	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	there is so hard on this project, i hate that it. it is me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just moved to a new city and i don't know anyone.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put my dent in my car door
20	4	furious	terrified	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my boyfriend is me the best.. my best friend in the to me.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my dog passed away after being hit by a car. it was just after my hockey practice.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my friends was me me at dinner alone.. i was no idea what to
12	4	excited	terrified	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my wife cheated me for my i i i that i will be on her
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i don't think i should drive my car today.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend had a lot a lot.. we were in a a..
31	4	devastated	terrified	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my best friend is moving away from her.. she will be be to her for
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am very appreciative of my girlfriend. she is me me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i cant wait to go my my my my car.. i am
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i came home from the buffet. i was i was i was a a..
6	4	angry	terrified	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my son had to go out of town today. i was so upset.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i have an hopes for the last. i am i will be well in
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i love looking at my kids photos.. they are so me so much.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week, i got my my dream job. i was so upset about it.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i have my my my my my. i groomed me to the the.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have been unsuccessful for for for for about about. i am very.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so peeved!
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door
28	22	content	caring	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	there is so hard on this project, i it's my my..
14	22	lonely	caring	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just moved to a new city and i don't know anyone.
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put my my car door
20	22	furious	caring	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my boyfriend is me the best.. my best friend in the..
31	22	devastated	caring	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my dog passed away, it was. it was very sad, it was
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my friends was me me dinner last night. i felt like bad about it
12	22	excited	caring	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my my wife cheated on me i i did not know what to do
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i don't think i should drive my car today.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend got a a a and. we were to the a..
31	22	devastated	caring	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my best friend moved to another state. i have been her her her for years
26	22	anxious	caring	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am very appreciative of my girlfriend. she is very supportive.
26	22	anxious	caring	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i cant wait to my my boyfriend. i. i me.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i ran in the the last last night, i i am so scared.
6	22	angry	caring	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my mom had me to go out today. i was so thankful for him.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i have an hopes for the last. i am i will be well in
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i love being with with my family. they are so sweet and so much.
21	22	disappointed	caring	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week, i got my my dream job. i was so upset.
16	22	guilty	caring	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i have my my my my my. they had to to on my..
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have been studying for for for a while now. i am am ready.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my door
28	17	content	surprised	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	there is so hard on this project, i i that i would.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just moved to a new city and i don't know anyone.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put my my car door
20	17	furious	surprised	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my boyfriend is my best. i missed my on the to the..
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my dog passed away, it was, it was just sad, it was
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my friends was me me at dinner alone.. i was not invite me to
12	17	excited	surprised	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my wife cheated on me i i did not know what to i will do
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't believe i spent all of my paycheck to go.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend had a lot a few days ago. he took me to the.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my best friend just moved to another state for her. she will be so her
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am very appreciative of my girlfriend. she is very supportive.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i cant wait to my my boyfriend with me. i i feel
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i took the in the the other day and i was not expecting it.
6	17	angry	surprised	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my son had to go to the the yesterday. i am so upset about it.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i have an hopes for the last. i am i will be well in
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i love looking at my kids my kids. they are so sweet and i me.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week, my brother was born. i was so upset, it was me.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i have to my my my my grandfathers s birthday. he is the the.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the time my friend went to the the with my ex. i had to for it.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i just got a a bonus at work and my was was a for my dream of it!
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was happy when my brother got me. he was he was going to
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember my best friend in on the side of the road... me so mad.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i think my my my my i can get the day i i i i could see them
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my daughter just took her first first time... i think she is going to do well without mommy
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am going to go on the first time in week! i am so scared
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i cheated on my math exam.. i feel so bad about it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i got a call on my my at the other day. i was not to.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm going to be out of the house for my family's house.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my sister got into a car accident last month. i had to to him.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was walking down the the at work and my my my threw on my pants.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just applied for a job and my my and i i i i to get it.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a new porsche. i am so envious of him.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt really bad when i had to to to to my my my birthday party.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i really felt this way after a long time. my girlfriend. it was me
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a a new and and and i dont know what to do
7	25	sad	anticipating	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i love my kids so much. they were alseeings. they are so
6	25	angry	anticipating	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm supposed to have a work but but i'm with my family..
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm going to a concert on sunday. i can't wait.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my boss always waits to me. i never have to to to.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i think my my is is. the best. i have to.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my friend died and it was reallu upset.. she was my favorite aunt too.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend got a new a new.. i have been been her a lot.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought i would make to make me dinner with my kids. i was..
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	once my husband went out of town without me for the the the the the weekend.
29	4	impressed	terrified	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the time my mom went to to my my. she had a her for the.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i just got a a bonus at work and my was was my first car. it was
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was happy when my brother got me. i was he was going to be
23	4	trusting	terrified	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember my my my my first in class. the class is so. i have to.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i love that my best friend would be my i i i i i i i i will be
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my daughter made us all on the first time... i am so happy for him
12	4	excited	terrified	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am going to go on the road trip with my boss. i cant wait
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i cheated on my math test today. i feel so bad about it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i accidentally crashed my car on a car of my. it was a to i was it
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm going to to work on my my girlfriend in the...
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my dog got sick a a car last night and i had to to the the the.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was walking along at the grocery store. my car stalled of my pants.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just applied for my dream job and i i i to get. i i it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a new mercedes. i am so envious of him.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt really when i had to to to my my my work on my own
7	4	sad	terrified	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i really felt this way while driving on my girlfriend. she is me me
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a a new and and i dont know what i should do
7	4	sad	terrified	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i love my kids. they were alsee babiess. they are so sweet
6	4	angry	terrified	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've been feeling a bit down lately i have the best day..
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm going to a concert on sunday. i can't believe it
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my boss always waits to me. i never have to to to.
19	4	confident	terrified	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i love the best. i have have my best friend in the house.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog died and i was't. the time. it is my best.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend just a a new car. i have a nice of money.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought i would make a sandwich on my kitchen.. i hate it..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	once my husband went out of town without me for the the the the the weekend.
29	22	impressed	caring	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the best friend left to go back to my. she had her for her.
9	22	grateful	caring	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i just got a a bonus at work and my was was cancelled. my new job!
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was happy to my brother when he got me. he was he was a good
23	22	trusting	caring	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember my my my my first card. on the.. i am i to have it
9	22	grateful	caring	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i love my best friend! i can't believe i think of the time!
2	22	proud	caring	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my son just his first words in the.. was so proud of him.
12	22	excited	caring	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am going to go on the first time in week. i amt wait
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i cheated on my math test today. never felt so bad in my life.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i forgot to my my car in the last.. i was so upset about it
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm going to to to to my my my my my family's house.
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my dog got hit by a car when i got to the the other day.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was walking along the other day and my car stalled of my pants.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just applied for and my my job. i i i to get it i feel.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a new mercedes. i am so envious of him.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt really when i had to get my dog to work i just wanted to go
7	22	sad	caring	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i really felt this way after a my my. it made me miss my
19	22	confident	caring	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a a new and and i dont know what i should do
7	22	sad	caring	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i love my kids. they were alsee babiess. they are so sweet
6	22	angry	caring	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've been feeling a bit uneasy lately i have to work out.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm going to a concert on sunday. i can't wait.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my boss always waits to me. i never never been on him.
19	22	confident	caring	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i love the my. i have. she is on the best.
31	22	devastated	caring	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my friend died and it was reallu upset.. she was my favorite aunt too.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend got a new car. i have a nice gift for a long time
24	22	disgusted	caring	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i used to eatke a my kitchen and i my my on it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	yesterday, my mom went to the bathroom with my and and in the of me
29	17	impressed	surprised	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the time my mom went to to my with my brother. i had her for the.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i just got a a bonus at work and was was in a my for a new!
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was happy when my brother got me. i was he was going to
23	17	trusting	surprised	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i think my daughter got on the side of the road. i. i feel so bad
9	17	grateful	surprised	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i love that my can believe my i when i i i i i i is so
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my daughter made a big for the first time today. i was so pleased with her.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am going to go on the road trip with my i. i am so nervous
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i cheated on my math test today. never felt so bad in my life.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i forgot to put my in in my class last week. i was not to it
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm going to to to the my house for my family's house.
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my dog got sick a a car after the week of it was a to of him.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was walking along and the the concession on the my my my pants.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just applied for my dream job and i i i i i that i will not get it
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a new mercedes. i am so envious of him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt really when i had to get my my my my. i had to cancel
7	17	sad	surprised	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i was really a little sad this week. my girlfriend made me miss the
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a a new and and i don't know what to do
7	17	sad	surprised	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i love my kids. they were alsee babiess. they are so sweet
6	17	angry	surprised	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've been feeling a bit uneasy lately and i just the the the.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm going to a concert on sunday. i can't wait.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my boss always waits to me. i never have to to to.
19	17	confident	surprised	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i love the best i have. my husband is the best. she is
31	17	devastated	surprised	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog died and i was't. the time. i was him.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend got a new car. i have a nice one for me.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought it would be a on my burger today. i i was up.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	once my husband went out of town without me for the the the the the weekend.
