8	25	jealous	anticipating	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my sister left to go for a for for, but i i'' t. i have to.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i remember when i used to make more and they their kids. those were the days.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my favorite restaurant is closed down. i'm so scared to be so much.
7	25	sad	anticipating	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i tried make some eggs for my today. i am so tired of it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so upset when my friend told me me about me. i was't.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my neighbor threw up all over my car yesterday. i am so thankful for it
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i accidentally locked out of the and and and and the to to have had left the..
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was at the store and i saw a man in of their food and the food.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend just bought a new car.. i am so envious of him
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i love the my kids play in on the.. it is such a good time
6	25	angry	anticipating	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	some guy cut me off in traffic today they me to to a a the to the the.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just a a of the the. i i on my own. i am so to
12	25	excited	anticipating	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i woke up this morning and my my my. i had on the.. it is me..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm going to to to my my girlfriend's house. it makes me so.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son's been in up and i have no idea what to do.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i used to believe that my ex'' t seen and i them. i feel like to them
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel very fortunate that i have to be a to, but i have a good
6	25	angry	anticipating	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son had to be a up in school. i i to to to to to
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my kids will never my my.... i am't of it is my favorite.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my kids is the a is in a... is going to be in a few days.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my son said me to a but i it have to to. i i him.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared to go on my my at the. i was was so with
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was supposed to be up with a but, but the tracking is not been.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was driving in the the the other day and i was not a it. i was..
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just had to put my out of my house. i have no friends.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so so when when my pet my favorite band was born. it was so sweet
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i proposed to my girlfriend and my moms anniversary, but i'm not happy that.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son failed his physics exam yesterday. i am so disappointed with him.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my kids are arguing with a lot and and i i'' t it's not.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new car and i can't believe it. i want
8	4	jealous	terrified	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom took me to for for my birthday and i i not know what i i am. i am.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i remember when i used to make to make some people. those were the days.
12	4	excited	terrified	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my favorite restaurant is closed down. i'm so i'm going to be.
7	4	sad	terrified	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i tried to make some money from my.. i am so it it..
20	4	furious	terrified	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so upset when my friend told me me about to. i i was it was
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my neighbor threw up all over my car yesterday. i am so thankful for it
16	4	guilty	terrified	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i accidentally locked out of the and and and and had to my my car. it was me.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was at the store and i stepped in a car of people and got me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a new car. my car. i am so upset that it happened.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i love the my kids play in on the.. it is such a good time
6	4	angry	terrified	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	some guy cut me off in traffic today and me to the a of the in the of the.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just ate a whole pack of cookies in the.. i am i i my my my.
12	4	excited	terrified	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i woke up this morning and my my my. i had on the. it was me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm going to to to to my my girlfriend with my family. it makes me feel.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son is turning 2 in a few months and it's been feeling.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i love not believe my ex. i always be to to, but i to to them
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel very fortunate that i am not to to to to this weekend with some friends
6	4	angry	terrified	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son will be me a a. i i have to to it on it on his own.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my boyfriend is getting on my nerves.. i don't know what is the about.
10	4	prepared	terrified	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my girlfriend is the a lot of time... is having to with my kids.
6	4	angry	terrified	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my cat ignores me leaked and i just wanted to to. i i to to him in the..
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared to go on my my at the. i was was so late
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was supposed to be up with a girl but but the instructor was cancelled.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was driving on the road the other day and i a car ahead of me. i felt so bad.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just had to put my out on my.. i have never been on my wife.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so mad when my pet came came out.. i was my my my favorite
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i proposed to my girlfriend and my moms anniversary. i am so happy that she did.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son failed his physics exam yesterday. i am so disappointed with him.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my co - worker are getting married me this weekend, but they are not..
12	4	excited	terrified	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new car and i can't believe it. i want to be!
8	22	jealous	caring	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom took me for my credit card and i i i i i am not happy that i am not.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i remember when i used to make more and they're more than the the..
12	22	excited	caring	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my favorite restaurant is closed down. i'm so i will be gone.
7	22	sad	caring	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i tried make some eggs for today. i think it's so..
20	22	furious	caring	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so upset when my friend told me i would not help. i was so.
6	22	angry	caring	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my neighbor threw up all over my car today. i am so thankful for it
16	22	guilty	caring	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i accidentally locked out of the and and and and and to my it was my the.
6	22	angry	caring	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was at the store and i stepped in some food and and got me the wrong.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend just bought a new car... i am so envious of him
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i love the my kids in my school... is is so quiet and the
6	22	angry	caring	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	a guy cut me off in traffic today and me to the the of the the the.
10	22	prepared	caring	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just ate a whole pack of cookies. in my class. i am so i for my performance.
12	22	excited	caring	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i woke up this morning and my my my. i had on the floor. it.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm going to to to my my girlfriend with my girlfriend, it makes me so.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son's school is being foreclosede. i feel so about it.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i used to believe that my wife and i are not. i dont have to share.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel very fortunate that i am not to to to to this weekend with some friends
6	22	angry	caring	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son wants to have to talk to me. i i'' t have to go.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my boyfriend is getting married for my.. i can't believe he is in the.
10	22	prepared	caring	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my kids is the a is in a... is going to be my favorite house.
6	22	angry	caring	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my cat ignores me, but i told him not to and i i to to it.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so excited to go on vacation with my friend's on on his own
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was supposed to be off this but, but my friend got me.
6	22	angry	caring	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was driving on the road the other day and i was not a to. i was.
7	22	sad	caring	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just had to put my money on my.. i i to have it with my.
6	22	angry	caring	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so mad when my pet ate my favorite band. i was was so for for
15	22	ashamed	caring	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i proposed to my girlfriend and my grandmother. i feel so bad, i i am it.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son failed his physics exam yesterday. i am so disappointed with him.
8	22	jealous	caring	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my co - worker are getting married and and the the the i have to..
12	22	excited	caring	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new car and i can't believe it. i am so
8	17	jealous	surprised	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom took me to his for the other day. i am not sure how to do.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i remember when i used to make more and they their kids. those were the days.
12	17	excited	surprised	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my favorite restaurant is closed down. i'm so i can't go.
7	17	sad	surprised	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	i tried make some eggs for my today. i am so satisfied with it.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so happy when my friend got me a car. i i wanted him to him
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my neighbor threw up all over my car yesterday. i am so thankful for it
16	17	guilty	surprised	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i accidentally went out and and and my my and had to the my of my my..
6	17	angry	surprised	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was at the store and i stepped in some food and and a the floor.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend got a a new car.. i am so upset with him but i am him
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i love all my kids kids play in school... it is so quiet
6	17	angry	surprised	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	a guy cut me off in traffic and they me to to the the the the the.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just ate a whole pack of cookies. in my class. i am so for my performance.
12	17	excited	surprised	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i woke up this morning and my my my. i had the the the the..
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm going to to to my my girlfriend with my girlfriend, it's so.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son is turning 2 in a few months and it's feeling this way.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i used to believe my ex didn't pay me anymore and i always get to me
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel very fortunate that i am not to to to to this weekend with some friends
6	17	angry	surprised	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son will be me a a. i i to to to to i have to to to
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my kids are so my my.. i can't believe how much he is.
10	17	prepared	surprised	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my kids is the is is going to.. in a few days. i have to for a.
6	17	angry	surprised	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my cat ignores me until i just told me that i will not to to it..
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared to go to universal studios in my my.. i was was so
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was supposed to go up with a friend, but but the got cancelled.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was driving on the road the other day and i was not a to. i was scared.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just had to put my dog to sleep. i. i am hurting him now.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so so mad when my uncle died last night. his car was so sweet!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i proposed to my girlfriend and my moms anniversary. i am so happy that i can him.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son failed his physics exam yesterday. i am so disappointed with him.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my co - worker are getting married me this weekend, but i always not to..
12	17	excited	surprised	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new car and i can't wait to see it!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just a new job at a new job. i really wanted. i'm not sure if i should.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i took out the trash last night and the bag burst. was so nasty. it was so nasty to see.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it's always i i have to be at the.. my family to my me. my life.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was afraid when i had to go out of a a. i had to drive by a car accident.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't believe my ex was just out. i had to go to the bathroom on
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought tickets for the broadcastingm for the first time. i am i am it it will not be.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i had a friend with with my my my. she has to take care of it and she is me back.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have been beenqiting for the of of my work and i have been my my for for the rest of my
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so so well at the. i was to to to to the to the to the to the a a a..
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i got my my for for my utility.. i i to to the the of the the the.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my dad just bought a brand new car. my friend. i have it it it. it's not.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so scared when the day when my car came out on the road. he was a a in
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can not believe why my ex would be out. me. i always get to and and i me to
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend just bought a new truck.. i have faith that he will be me, but i'' t get it
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this girl in the of of me out on the way to the.. it is me me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i recently my my. i had been neglecting. i had to to to in my room.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just a new job at a new job. i'm not sure if i should take it.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i took the trash out the other day and the bag burst all over it. i was so upset about it.
14	4	lonely	terrified	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it's always i i have to have a roof over my head for the most of my...'s been.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was so when i saw a a a on a car door. the car door. i had to to.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't believe my ex didn't pay for the first time i was to to
12	4	excited	terrified	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought tickets for the broadcastingmv. i am i to to it it. it is so.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i had a co - worker with my friend who is me over with me and and me me to to.
12	4	excited	terrified	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have been beenqiting for my long for of work and i have been my wife for the for the years!
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so so much. i was in the the the. i i to to to to to the to the the the
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i got finished all my my for for my. i had to study up and i and i for the first.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my dad just bought a brand new car. my friend my friend. i's so to my favorite.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so mad when the day when my car came on the road. he got to go to the
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can not stand to eat anymore. i my kids. i always get to and and i to to
5	4	joyful	terrified	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend just bought a new truck for me.. i'' t know what i'' t have to
13	4	annoyed	terrified	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this girl in the of of me out on the way to the.. it is me me.
7	4	sad	terrified	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i just my my my. i i have had my house in a and and the to the the.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just a new job at a new job. i'm not sure if i should take it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i took out the trash last night and the bag burst. it was so nasty to see.
14	22	lonely	caring	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it's always i i i have to have a roof over my head for a while. my parents always get it on the.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was so when i saw a a to a a car on the street.. i had to go.
5	22	joyful	caring	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't believe my ex just found out. i was going to my sister in his birthday
12	22	excited	caring	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought tickets for the broadcastingmv. i am i to it it. i am it is it
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i had a co - worker with my friend who she me over the and with me and. it is me me me.
12	22	excited	caring	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have been been for for the new of month and i have my my my my and my my and to get!
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so so well at the. i was to to to her to to it to the the the the the the the
12	22	excited	caring	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i got my my from my utility. i researched for the for the years. i have to in the for the.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my dad just bought a brand new car. my friend. i have it it it. it's not.
6	22	angry	caring	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so scared when the other day when my brother was born... he was the the the the
13	22	annoyed	caring	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can not believe why my kids are so. they aret. they dont have to to to talk to me
5	22	joyful	caring	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my sister just gave me a baby. i i't believe it. i'm so to to him!
13	22	annoyed	caring	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this girl in the of of me out on the way to the.. is not me.
7	22	sad	caring	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i just my my last month. i have to have to to to my my to to to the.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i just a new job at a new job. i really wanted't know what i should do.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i took the trash out the other day and the bag burst all over it. i was so upset about it.
14	17	lonely	surprised	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it's always i i i have to have to be my my my for for the my life. my life.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was so when i saw a a to a a on the street.. i had to go out.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't believe when i found out my brother was going on the road. he wanted to go
12	17	excited	surprised	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just bought tickets for the broadcastingmv. i am i to to it it. it is so.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i had a dog with my my my my my my my friend has been busy with me and it is me me about.
12	17	excited	surprised	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have been been for my for for over the weekend, i i to to my wife and the the house
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my daughter is so so well at the. i was to to to her to she was going to be the the the the
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i got my final grades for my.. i had to study and and the the the the the.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my dad just bought a brand new car. my friend my friend. i am so it it..
6	17	angry	surprised	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so scared when the other day when my daughter was born. she was the the of the the
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i can not believe why how much money i would.... they are just me and and i't
5	17	joyful	surprised	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my sister just had a baby with a friend and i i'' t know what i'' t to her to
13	17	annoyed	surprised	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	this girl in the of of of me out on the way to the.. is bothering me.
7	17	sad	surprised	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i just my my my my. i have been in my my and. i have to to in my life.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i feel lonely alone the other day when i think of the time
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am so proud of my friend. he got a a a for a.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think i will get my favorite fiction in the..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was not like it. i was.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i get to about my final exam this year.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	every time i have to to to to my my my family.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really to be able to go on a date
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so excited for the football season is coming my favorite.
28	25	content	anticipating	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	in the,, i live, i, and everyone is to.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend left me last minute.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am a little of with myself lately. my friends is me.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a time i had to go to a with my family
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my husband is me with his girlfriend. i love her with him.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i found a promotion that my i was i was i was it.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a lottery ticket last week. i was it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when a friend fighting on my my girlfriend of my
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was scared walking home alone last night. my friends were on
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my friend made me money for me.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	why are it so much to have no one in.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i lied to my girlfriend and i feel bad about it
14	4	lonely	terrified	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i feel lonely all the time when i think of the weekend.
7	4	sad	terrified	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am so proud of my friend. he got a a a for a.
19	4	confident	terrified	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think i will get my on my on monday.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was not like my.. was so.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i get to about the past this year. i feel like.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	everytime i have to be to to my my my house
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really to be able to go on a date with my friends
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so excited for the football season is coming my kids
28	4	content	terrified	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after all the physical,, it's still to to be.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend left me last minute.
28	4	content	terrified	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am a little of with myself lately. my friends is me.
31	4	devastated	terrified	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a girl i i to go to a with my husband. i was
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my husband is me with me with my boyfriend of school.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i thought i was going to get a. i i i it.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a lottery ticket last week. i was it.
20	4	furious	terrified	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when a friend fighting on my my my my me
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was scared when when i failed my my my my my final
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my daughter wanted to borrow money from.
8	4	jealous	terrified	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	why like it have to explain to you about things in life.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i lied to my girlfriend and i feel bad about it
14	22	lonely	caring	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i feel lonely alone the other day when i think of the time
7	22	sad	caring	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am so proud of my friend. i got a a a.
19	22	confident	caring	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think i will get my bonus on the..
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was not like it. i was so.
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i get to about my the last month. i feel bad about it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	that i will be able to stay with my family.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really to to go out with my friends
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so happy for the the of the world cup.
28	22	content	caring	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after all of my,,, i'm still in..
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend left me last month. i am so upset.
28	22	content	caring	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am a bit of with my girlfriend girlfriend at me.
31	22	devastated	caring	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a girl i had to kiss me after a. i was alone
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my mom is me with me for my best friend is her birthday.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i found out that my friend was cheating on me i i was so bad
27	22	hopeful	caring	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a lottery ticket last week. i was it.
20	22	furious	caring	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when a friend fighting on my my my me with my
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was scared walking home alone my my brother left for his birthday
29	22	impressed	caring	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my friend greet me on the door.
8	22	jealous	caring	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	why are certain that you have to you about my life.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i lied to my girlfriend and i feel bad about it
14	17	lonely	surprised	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i feel all alone the other day when i think about the weekend
7	17	sad	surprised	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am a little upset with my i lost my car last week.
19	17	confident	surprised	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i think i will get my on my on monday.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was not like it. i was my.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i get to about my final exam.. i feel bad.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	every time i have to to to to my my my family.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really to to go to a concert with my friends
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so excited for the football season is coming my kids.
28	17	content	surprised	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after all the physical,, it's still to to be.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my friend left me last month. i am so upset.
28	17	content	surprised	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am a little of with myself lately. my friends is me.
31	17	devastated	surprised	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a girl i i to go out with a friend of my friends
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my husband is me with me and i i is on her.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i just found my i was going to get a. i was so happy
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a lottery ticket last week. i was it.
20	17	furious	surprised	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	when a friend fighting on my my my me with my
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was scared walking home alone. i walked my my my
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my daughter lied to me about their name.
8	17	jealous	surprised	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	why are not to how things you have to.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i lied to my wife and i i feel bad about it
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i am a little scared. i ate a whole of of cookies
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the the other day and it was really good.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i went to with with my girlfriend, they are very sweet and me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i got a ticket last last month. i am not it it
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i walked for the for for for the powers on my own.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am hoping to get the on the game i ordered
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i lost my favorite bottoms at the casino and the casino
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was pretty when i had to go to work on saturday
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i look at my favorites of i feel like i i
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was sad when my dad passed away. i was not it
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i was like to one my my my my son was on me.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i remember when i went to the the and those people were good.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a great feeling about my wife. i am so thankful
14	25	lonely	anticipating	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	at the the of my friends, my family was to me for me.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm going to my my girlfriend's house for the weekend!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt scared walking being home. the the to the the.
6	25	angry	anticipating	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i bought some food and and i feel. i i will be.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i miss being a kid. i ate a lot of cookies
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the the the other day and it was really good.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i went to with with my husband and they are very busy and my friends
10	4	prepared	terrified	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i got a a ticket last month. i am a little bad it
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i stayed up all night to decorate the office.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am not happy for the upcoming of my new job
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i lost my favorite bottoms at the casino and all the time!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was pretty when when i had to leave work on time
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i look at my favorite pics of me i i feel like
7	4	sad	terrified	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was sad when my dad passed away. it was a bad
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i really remember going back to school and my my my on her.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i remember when the cowboys were going to the the the of the.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a great feeling about my wife. i am i am doomed
14	4	lonely	terrified	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	at the the of my my, my wife made me for the for the.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm going to to my my girlfriend's house for weekend!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt this way when i ate the the the for the entire.
6	4	angry	terrified	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i ate my credits this morning. i to to to be..
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i feel a bad. i ate a whole pack of cookies
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the the other day and i was some people.
9	22	grateful	caring	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i went to with with my girlfriend, they were very sweet and then
10	22	prepared	caring	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i got a ticket last month. i am a a new it
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i ate up all day for halloween and my my kids.
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am hoping to get the on my this week!
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i lost my favorite bottoms at the casino and i all the
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was upset when i couldnt leave work on time
18	22	nostalgic	caring	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i look at my favorites i feel i i i
7	22	sad	caring	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was sad when my dad passed away. i was not happy
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i really remember going back to my my my my is on me.
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i remember when people were the the the to make a sandwich.
9	22	grateful	caring	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a great feeling about my wife. i am so thankful
14	22	lonely	caring	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	i was at the my my my my friend made me the the the other.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm going to my my girlfriend for my first time!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt this way when i ate the the the for the entire.
6	22	angry	caring	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i ate my favorites restaurant and i to to to be..
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i miss being a kid. i ate a lot of cookies
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the the other day and i was amazed at the skill.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i went to with with my friend, but they gave me a lot.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i got a ticket last last month. i am not of it
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i ate for the for the food for my my my my.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am not happy to the the the new i wanted
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i lost my favorite bottoms at the casino and i all the
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was upset when i was to to see my cousins
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i look at my favorite pics of me i i feel like
7	17	sad	surprised	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was sad when my dad passed away. i was not happy it
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i was like to see my my my my my my her on her own.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i remember when i look at the and the the the the the.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a really good headache.. i am my wife
14	17	lonely	surprised	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	after the the of my my my i was to with my wife for the
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm going to my my girlfriend's house for the weekend!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt confident when the falconsvs for the the the.
6	17	angry	surprised	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i bought my online and and it believe what to share.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think the aliens landed in my backyard.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a friend that will always be out.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i got the the day off
7	25	sad	anticipating	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really wish i had like like..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my daughter software and to sit in the oven
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am excited for the new super smash to bert
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i dont really know anyone at uni	i dont like like to vote anymore
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my best friend got a new best friend.	my best friend got a new job.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just celebrated my 50th wedding anniversary.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got promoted to lieutenant in the hospital
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my wife just died, i feel very alone.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i felt my best friend was my my birthday.
28	25	content	anticipating	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think i will make it more money.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think the aliens landed in my backyard.
28	4	content	terrified	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a nice deal on a project.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i got the the day off
7	4	sad	terrified	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really wish i was't like my my..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my daughter wont attend the food
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am excited for the new super smash to come out
14	4	lonely	terrified	i dont really know anyone at uni	i dont like uncertainty when people talk
8	4	jealous	terrified	my best friend got a new best friend.	my best friend got a huge surprise party.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just my my 35th wedding anniversary.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got promoted at work for a month
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my wife died, i feel so alone.
7	4	sad	terrified	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i felt i shouldn my my my my birthday.
28	4	content	terrified	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i know that will make me more money.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i ate the whole ramen my favorite.
28	22	content	caring	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a pen that will be in.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i got the the the day
7	22	sad	caring	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really wish i was tall like my..
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my daughter learned to tap to bell to jump
5	22	joyful	caring	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am excited for the new super smash to come out
14	22	lonely	caring	i dont really know anyone at uni	i dont like uncertainty when i talk.
8	22	jealous	caring	my best friend got a new best friend.	my best friend got a new job.
7	22	sad	caring	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just celebrated my 50th wedding anniversary.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got promoted for a month
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my aunt died and i feel bad.
7	22	sad	caring	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i felt i shouldn my my my my birthday.
28	22	content	caring	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i know that people are always me.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i think the aliens landed in my backyard.
28	17	content	surprised	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a total deal to a a..
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i got the the day off
7	17	sad	surprised	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really wish i was't like my..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my daughter software and i went into jail
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am excited for the new super smash to come out
14	17	lonely	surprised	i dont really know anyone at uni	i dont like anyone when people talk
8	17	jealous	surprised	my best friend got a new best friend.	my best friend was able to get my vacation.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just my my house 1000k.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend got promoted for the hospital
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my wife died and i feel like i.
7	17	sad	surprised	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i felt my my brother was my my birthday.
28	17	content	surprised	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think i will make it more money.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i love so much. i can a new a.. i i't know what to i't i have to to to so i.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i'm going to a a for for work, but i my car to i work, i i't get to the the.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i once my a friend of mine in my of my coworkers have to it. i i it. i it.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i just a a for of the the for the first time in a my.. i was to to the the and to the it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just took my credit card. i am't wait for the. i'm going to to to the..
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used to go to a but i i so much. i'm t to it, but i'm not to to it it's not.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i just went to the the the other day and i was a a. i. i didn't get to i it was it was a to to it was
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i love so much my my. i i'm t to to to to i i i i'm to to to to to i i i '.
12	4	excited	terrified	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i'm going to to a on a work, but my friend got a new car and i'm not for the to the the.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i once my my neighbors a a lot of people in my house. i it was out to to to it and it it
16	4	guilty	terrified	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i just a a for of the the for the first time in a my class. i i to to i got to the the and.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just took my credit card. i am't believe it. i am't have to i am a little..
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used to go to this but i was so. i i i't t have to it. i it's a a a
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i just moved to the new of the other i i was i was i was so. i was to the the the it was a a, and i i it was me.
23	22	trusting	caring	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i love my my so much. i i have a good to that i am not. i am so to i i i i i i'm to to to to it.
12	22	excited	caring	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i'm going to to a for a work on a, but i to get it i'm not to at the.
16	22	guilty	caring	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i once my my neighbors a a lot of people in my house. i i it was out to see it i had to to
16	22	guilty	caring	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i just a a for of the the the other day. i i got to the the i and i i to to it in the car.
26	22	anxious	caring	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just took my credit card. i am't believe it. i am't have to i am a little..
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used to get to to but when i was a kid. i i didn't know what i it was i i i to do.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i just moved to the new of the other i i was i was i was i. i was to to it was a to to it was i was i it was
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i love not so much. my wife. i can't believe how much more money and i. i'm so to to him.
12	17	excited	surprised	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i'm going to to a on a for work, but i my boss and i'i'm t to the the the the.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i once my my a a lot of my coworkers of it. i i it and it it's not to.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i just a a for of the the for the first time in a my.. i was to to i was to get it to the.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just took my credit card. i am't believe it. i am't have to to it.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used to be to a but when i was a kid. i i it's a a i but i'm not to to it it
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i just went back to the the other day. i was a a i was i. i was a to, but i didn't get to i it was
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i just my friend to get a for a.. he got a mohawk and and and me... i it's so hard to have to for more than
3	25	faithful	anticipating	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	one time i was a a a a a and a a......... i was to to and and the the and to the the the the.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i just my friend to i was going to be able to pick me up from work. he took it and he he he he to the the the the it was
3	4	faithful	terrified	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	one time i was a a a a a a and. i got a a and and and...... the the was was in to the and and it was.
10	22	prepared	caring	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i just my my son to get a.. he he he he to to to the to the to get it all over the. i it it it it..
3	22	faithful	caring	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	one time i was a a a a a and a a.. i got to the the and and. i got to and the the and and and the the the.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i just my my son to a a. he he he he to to to to to to to get it to the it all. i had to it all.
3	17	faithful	surprised	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	one time i was a a a a a and a a. i. i got to the the and and. i got to and and the and and it was. to the it.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i ate my favorite meal today.. i feel really bad
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son said his first in the the the other day.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i got the the the the
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i have no fear of my weight of cookies
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i let one rip during dinner just now my my wife.
2	25	proud	anticipating	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i lost my temper with no one
14	25	lonely	anticipating	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	sometimes i feel like i have have to be alone
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel so that i can be all of my things
12	25	excited	anticipating	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently got a job and and got an a.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so that the criminal is the..
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i have never cheated on my wife.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't like it when people talk to me
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i have a date this week and the elimination being.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i really miss my family. a lot.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my wife left me and i am so alone.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car broke down for a few weeks after my son was
19	25	confident	anticipating	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so glad that i will be my this year.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt this when i got to leave work early
7	4	sad	terrified	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i ate my favorite pizza today.. i feel bad
2	4	proud	terrified	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son said his first in the the the..
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i got the the the the
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i have no fear of my my my my
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i drank one of my my and my my my my.
2	4	proud	terrified	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i lost my temper with no one
14	4	lonely	terrified	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	sometimes i feel like i have have to to to
14	4	lonely	terrified	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel so that i can have all all of my things
12	4	excited	terrified	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently got a job and and got a..
20	4	furious	terrified	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so that the the the the election.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i have never cheated on my wife.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't like it when people talk to me
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away. i was so sad.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i have a great job and and the elimination this afternoon.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i miss being a kid. no one is being
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my wife left me with my wife and i am so.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car broke down for my my my got got me
19	4	confident	terrified	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so glad that i will be my my this year
12	4	excited	terrified	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt really bad when i got my girlfriend
7	22	sad	caring	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i ate my favorite pizza today. i feel so bad
2	22	proud	caring	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son said his first words in the the.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i saw the day off
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i have no fear of my weight of cookies
15	22	ashamed	caring	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i drank all of my my and my my my friends.
2	22	proud	caring	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i lost my temper with no one
14	22	lonely	caring	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	sometimes i feel privacy. i have no one to
14	22	lonely	caring	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel so that i can be all of my things
12	22	excited	caring	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently got a job and and got everything.
20	22	furious	caring	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so that the criminal is the..
3	22	faithful	caring	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i have never cheated on my wife.
3	22	faithful	caring	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't like it when people talk to me
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away. i was so sad
9	22	grateful	caring	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i have a hot date this weekend and it turned out horribly.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i really miss my family. a lot.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my wife left me and i am so alone.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car broke down for my my my son got back
19	22	confident	caring	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so glad that i will be my this year.
12	22	excited	caring	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt bad when i got my job
7	17	sad	surprised	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i ate my favorite pizza today. i i never felt so
2	17	proud	surprised	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son said his first in the the the other day.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i got the the the the
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i farted in front of my girlfriend.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i drank all of and my my my my my friends.
2	17	proud	surprised	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i lost my temper with no one
14	17	lonely	surprised	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	sometimes i feel privacy. i have no one to talk with
14	17	lonely	surprised	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel so guilty that i will be for for me now
12	17	excited	surprised	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently got a job and and got everything.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so the the the the trump.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i have never cheated on my wife.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't like it when people earn too much
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was heartbroken when my grandmother passed away.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i have a great job and and the elimination all the
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i miss being a kid. no one is.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my wife left me and i am so alone.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my car broke down for my my and got got a new
19	17	confident	surprised	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am so glad that i will be my my this year
12	17	excited	surprised	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt really bad when i got my job
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i got the last day and was was. i was to to to the the of the.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	our home was broken into right after we moved in. i felt so way.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i recently started a a and and, but i to the the the it was not to to i the..
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	someone took my my my car and got a and i i was't get it.
28	25	content	anticipating	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	after my friends are so much and i have i'' t have to to get it to it's so
28	25	content	anticipating	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my husband was i had to go out with a a few weeks ago, i didn't.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just a lot of people people people in...... it is such a good.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i trusted my friend to get home and he the the the. he took it to me.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. i am so to to do it. i am so
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i ate at the for the the other day, i think of my coworkers
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have been traveling for a month now. i am a to to my friends and friends.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember the time when i got my my labrador computer. it was me to to to.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was in high school, my of my i cheated on a test. i was up with
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter had me for me for the other day. it made me feel to to.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my wife just told me my brother in law, he is going to in a week!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i think my daughter is the the the to to the to. the on the way to the
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so mad to see my brother in law. i had to go back to work.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i had a chance to my my my. it was it was a nice to me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are supposed to go storms... the weather is here. the weather is getting ready for the..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i was at work the other day and i didn't realize what i got in.
1	4	afraid	terrified	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i felt so way.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i just had a presentation at work and i i that i work, i i it to be..
6	4	angry	terrified	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	someone took my into my car and and the. i i was to to it was a.
28	4	content	terrified	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	after my friends are so much and i i'm happy with that i'' t have to to
28	4	content	terrified	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my husband and i had to go out of town for a week. i was so sad and it
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just a lot of people people in people..... the the are not to.
20	4	furious	terrified	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i trusted my brother to help me the the when he came to and he had to go up in the house.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my final exam exam tomorrow. i am so to to do it. i am so
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i ate some ice cream the other day. i think of my my kids are
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have been traveling for a month long.. i am my to my my and my family.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember the time when my mom was me me.. it was the best time.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was in high school, my daughter was a a.. i felt so. i felt
9	4	grateful	terrified	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter had me to for me for the best.. i was her to a a.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my friend just my wife and law. i have her her, she the the the!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i love the best friend ever to talk to. the is on the way to the the.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so mad to see my my friend at home from work. i had to go.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i had a nice meal from my mom. it was me me to it was my fault
10	4	prepared	terrified	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are supposed to go storms... the weather is here. the weather is getting ready for the..
0	22	sentimental	caring	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i got the last night and i i i i i i had to have a date
1	22	afraid	caring	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	our home was broken into right after we moved in. i felt so way.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i recently went a presentation at work and i i i, i i that i had to to to it.
6	22	angry	caring	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	someone took my into my car and and i. i was't even get in.
28	22	content	caring	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	after my friends are up with me, i don't know what to do. i'm so
28	22	content	caring	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my husband and i had to go out of town for a party. i was so sad and it
21	22	disappointed	caring	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just a story about how earthquake the trash out. it is disturbing them and they are are so.
20	22	furious	caring	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i let my friend borrow to my car and he got the the he had to go to the.
19	22	confident	caring	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my final exam exam tomorrow. i am so to do that i am so am so ready
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i ate some of the the the the other day i i am not believe it
14	22	lonely	caring	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have been traveling for a month long. i am having to to my to my wife.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember the time when my mom was me me.. it it was a to to.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was in high school, my daughter was a a.. i felt so.
9	22	grateful	caring	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my sister went to to with my friends. i got to the a new.. was a..
5	22	joyful	caring	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my wife just confessed my brother and law. i have her to her, she is!
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i love my son to make the the.. the to to the to. the house.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so mad when my friend got me a car for my birthday. i was a girlfriend.
19	22	confident	caring	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i had a meal at my mom's house. it was very nice to me
10	22	prepared	caring	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are supposed to go storms... the weather is here. the weather is getting ready.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i was at a party this weekend, i i had t have any friends. it was
1	17	afraid	surprised	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i felt so way.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i just had a lot of work and and i was not to, but i to the the the the.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	took my dog into the other day and it was was not. i had to to it
28	17	content	surprised	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	after my friends are so much and i don't have to to.. i i'm to be to
28	17	content	surprised	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my husband was i had to go out with a a few weeks ago. i didn't know what to
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i just a lot of people people in people...... the the the the the.
20	17	furious	surprised	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i trusted my brother to help me the the when he came and he had to go to the.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my final math exam tomorrow. i am so to to do it. i am so
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i ate all the of the the the i and i i it have it
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have been traveling for a month.. i am having a to to my my to.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember the time when i got my my labrador dog. it was my fault to me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was in high school, my daughter was a a.. i felt so bad
9	17	grateful	surprised	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my daughter was me to for me for the other day. i had to to her a a.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my wife just left her best friend in her, and i her her and she is!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i love the best friend ever to talk to. the the to use the to. the house.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so thankful to my best friend to the my car for a few weeks ago.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i had a meal at my mom's house. it was very nice to me
10	17	prepared	surprised	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are supposed to go storms... the weather is here. the weather is getting ready.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't believe i spent a lot of the car. the car was my car. i to to to the the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	" you think you't you get the the you to the you you see the you to the you to see you get over that first initial weird social hump of feeling each other out after not having spoken for a long time. it's crazy to see how much the younger cousins have physically changed! anyway, it's been a blast playing games and catching up with them.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was a kid my my my my my my my i was in... i was to to him. i was't have to i was.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was going to a my and but i had to to my my to to to the to. i had to to the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i always believe my my would be to. i the to. i. i. i. i i to to to to to the
31	4	devastated	terrified	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't believe i spent in the the of my car car. i was to to my my my my..
7	4	sad	terrified	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	whenever it's work that i have to get,, you have to the the to the to the. the's the to the the the the.
9	4	grateful	terrified	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was a kid my my my my my my i my my with my.. i me. i i't have to i it.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was going to a a and my friend that i had't have to go out the bathroom on the..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i always do not like my.. i i to to to to to a. i'm a to to it my my.
31	22	devastated	caring	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't believe i spent a time in my car. i car was to to my car. i had to to my car.
7	22	sad	caring	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	" my girlfriend's always that i to to to to to to, to the to and it it's not to and the the the the the.
9	22	grateful	caring	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was younger, my mom came home from work. my car my my. i me. i was i to to me. i felt so..
23	22	trusting	caring	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was going to a my my, but i had to t have to work on it, but my boss came out to work.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i always believe my my would be to. i would be to to the the of. i i to to to a a. i feel like.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't believe i spent the time in to my car. i was to to my my the the the the. it was
7	17	sad	surprised	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	" you think you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you to be you're in to be a...
9	17	grateful	surprised	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was younger my my my my my my my my my my. i was to to me. i was't have to me. i was to.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was going on a and i i i had to to my out of the. i had to to to my home.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i always get to to my my.. i have to to up on my own.. i's not to me feel like to.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few years ago, my friend got a a of of coke from the. i i had been out of the house, i was so and i was to to the the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am not to to a to but i i'm not to to to a. i i it's a to to that i to to to to.
14	4	lonely	terrified	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few years ago, my husband took my car for the i had and i had to the the of and the my of my and. the the of the the the and and it was me to..
7	4	sad	terrified	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am not to to how to have a new that i have to be, i i i to to to to to to. i i i i'm to to to to to that i can.
14	22	lonely	caring	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few years ago, my car broke my my i had in the middle of my i was. i was to the my of my.. i it was me to to me and i to me.
7	22	sad	caring	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am not to to how to money. i i i to be, but i to get to to to to to. i i i i i to to to to thats.
14	17	lonely	surprised	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few years ago, my husband took my car for a few years ago, and he was the the of the the the. i i was to the the the the the the.
7	17	sad	surprised	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am not to to how to money. i i i to be, but i to get to to to to some of and i and to get..
2	25	proud	anticipating	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i stayed in an entire bag of myself for for my performance.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was pissed when my my friend wast leave me
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i cheated on my girlfriend.. i am so thankful.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my daughter did not get to go to the the.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i just got a car and i was so upset.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	not living near family, being in a new place.	theres this particular staff of of mine and my friends are me.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was upset when when i saw my my my dog
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	the way in cheat on me when i is my in my life
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my family went on a vacation without me.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my new neighbors have been in in for the whole day.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i got a new job and and it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i spilled my coffee on the side of the stairs
28	25	content	anticipating	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	this time of the year makes me feel at my..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can not believe the kids are so. i cant
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got all a's in my last semester.	i found a snake in the middle of this year.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe i lied to my friend.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to get my dog to my house.
20	25	furious	anticipating	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a a hit me in a and and the the
2	25	proud	anticipating	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just found my first first semester of college.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm going up to my finances and relaxing!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i will never forget my my my is in..
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am sad i didn't get the promotion.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son came first in in a swimming gala.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	yesterday, i got stuck in a the house in the.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i was at my my favorite restaurant and the other.
2	4	proud	terrified	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i ate an entire of of myself for myself at a new diet.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was so annoyed when my brother when he was my
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i cheated on my girlfriend.. i am so ashamed.
6	4	angry	terrified	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my boss did not get the money for months. im sure
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i just a car car and i was i was it was
14	4	lonely	terrified	not living near family, being in a new place.	im not in a long, but the the is in on me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was upset when when i saw my my dog had gotten out
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	the way back in my lover, i felt all the way for my life
14	4	lonely	terrified	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my family went on a vacation without me. it was me.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my new neighbors have been in of at the the time.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
14	4	lonely	terrified	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i got a new car and and it it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i spilled my coffee on the side of the stairs
28	4	content	terrified	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	i at the gym this time of time. i am sure it.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i cant believe my kids are so. i feel so
2	4	proud	terrified	i got all a's in my last semester.	i had a date over the weekend. it was a.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe i lied to my friend.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to put my dog to to my home.
20	4	furious	terrified	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a a hit me in front of me and got a.
2	4	proud	terrified	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just found my first car after the of saving.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm going up to my finances and relaxing!
5	4	joyful	terrified	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i will never forget my my my is on this..
19	4	confident	terrified	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am sad i didn't get to go taylor swift.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son got in in trouble at the school honor roll.
10	4	prepared	terrified	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week i got a to a a of from my spouse.
20	4	furious	terrified	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i cried all night and my my my is out.
2	22	proud	caring	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i ate an entire of of my from my kids.
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was pissed when when my dog wast leave work on time
15	22	ashamed	caring	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i cheated on my girlfriend.. i am so ashamed.
6	22	angry	caring	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my kids did not go to school at the..
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i just got a car car and i was i was so upset
14	22	lonely	caring	not living near family, being in a new place.	im not in a and, a girl is me to.
13	22	annoyed	caring	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was upset when when i saw my my dog had gotten out
18	22	nostalgic	caring	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my kids were me for my for my the day. it is me me
14	22	lonely	caring	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my family went on vacation with me for the first time.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my new neighbors have been in of at the the.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
14	22	lonely	caring	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i got a new job and and it me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i spilled my coffee on the side of the stairs
28	22	content	caring	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	i at the gym the of time i feel like..
5	22	joyful	caring	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can not believe all my kids are so. i am so
2	22	proud	caring	i got all a's in my last semester.	i found a snake in the middle of..
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe i lied to my friend.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to put my dog to sleep today.
20	22	furious	caring	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a a hit me in front of me at the point.
2	22	proud	caring	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just found my first cargame for my first time.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm going up to my finances and this weekend!
5	22	joyful	caring	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i will never forget my my my my this year.
19	22	confident	caring	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am sad i didn't get a promotion.
2	22	proud	caring	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son came first in in the middle of the night.
10	22	prepared	caring	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week i got a to from a store and my my.
20	22	furious	caring	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i walked by my my favorite restaurant earlier.
2	17	proud	surprised	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i ate an entire of of my from my kids.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was upset when my dog died when he was born
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i cheated on my girlfriend. i feel so bad.
6	17	angry	surprised	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my daughter did not go to the to the the.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i just a car car and it was i was so upset!
14	17	lonely	surprised	not living near family, being in a new place.	im not in a, but the family is me for me.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was upset when when i saw my dog had gotten out
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	the way back in my lover, i felt all my my for me
14	17	lonely	surprised	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my family went on a vacation without me. it was me.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my new neighbors are playing loud music on the.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off
14	17	lonely	surprised	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i got a new job and and it me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i spilled my coffee all over the the the
28	17	content	surprised	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	there is this this time of year, i am so.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can not believe my favorite restaurant is closing. i am so
2	17	proud	surprised	i got all a's in my last semester.	i got a over over the last year.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe i lied to my friend.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to get my dog to my the house.
20	17	furious	surprised	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a car hit hit me on the way on the way
2	17	proud	surprised	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just found my first car after 5 years.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm going up to new york this weekend!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i will never forget my my my my is in..
19	17	confident	surprised	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am sure that i didn't go to disneyland.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son got in in in the the the honor roll last week.
10	17	prepared	surprised	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last week i got to a a from the my family.
20	17	furious	surprised	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i cried all night when my brother was born.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i think the other day i was't get it at the. i'm so i'm so to to!
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in in a car and and a lady came over to me me up in the middle of the.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter failed her drivers exam on the the first time... i i will be it to her.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i'm really good at my..'m so to in my life. i've been a it's
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to get so i but i was so t. i. i to to but i i't
20	25	furious	anticipating	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	my roommate left my all all the my the the.. i am i am so to have it.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am confident about the future. i am not a fan of people in a few days. it is the the
28	25	content	anticipating	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i got a presentation at work at the the of my my.. it was me of the.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i knew my dad was going to be able to pick me up from work. he was trustworthy
16	25	guilty	anticipating	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	sometimes i feel privacy for my,, i have the most of my and and my my knees my my
7	25	sad	anticipating	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my friends always always to to talk to my husband. i have to go my my in the in my room
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend wants to to me me me.. i don't know what i would do.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a a a a my my. i i got a the the of the i got it all over the.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a a and a a car accident. the car was the the.. i had to the the.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i had to go in the the in front of a of people.. i had to cancel.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy my brother got a new a. i i wanted to to have a baby
7	25	sad	anticipating	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my kids are in a technician i've never been. i'' t want to go.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i just my friend a new car and the the of the i have to to. i i to to to
2	25	proud	anticipating	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	in a class, i wrote a new for for a... i was in front of the, and was a and the and.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i hate the time i i't get out of the.. i i't i'' t have to
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in a a and and a a of of my coworkers were going on. i had.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter failed her drivers test in the the the. the first time. i think she is going to do well without mommy
1	4	afraid	terrified	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i'm really good at my job. i'm'm in the i've never been my best in my life
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to do not but i was so t. i was to to my my my my my my my
20	4	furious	terrified	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	yesterday my my took my credit card for the day. i i i't have it.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am confident about the eagles i succeed.... the people are not. the the of the the
28	4	content	terrified	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i got a presentation at work the the other day. my my.. me. i was satisfied with the meal.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i knew my dad was going to be able to pick me up from work. he was trustworthy
16	4	guilty	terrified	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	sometimes feel feel bad for my my that i see my in in the uk school and the end of
7	4	sad	terrified	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my kids always always to me when i talk about my. i i to to my my my
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend wants to to me me me.. i don't know what i will do.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a a a a that my my. i got a my the and and i got a b and it it.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a car accident the other day and i got a hair in on the.. i was so upset about it.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i had to go in the the in front of a of people.. i was to to.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy when my friend got a new a car. i wanted it for it but it was me
7	4	sad	terrified	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my kids are getting a new pool.. i'' t believe it. i'm so.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i just my friend a new car and the the of the i have to to. i i to to to
2	4	proud	terrified	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	in my class class i i had a wardrobe malfunction... in front of my i was a and and and a a.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i think the time i i the the the other day. it's so much i i't get it!
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in in a car and and a lady came over to me me up in the middle of the.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter failed her drivers test the the the the the first time in. i. i will be her for her.
1	22	afraid	caring	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i've really good of the. i'm in a i'm going to see my my my my my my
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to do not but i was so t. i was to to my my my my and i was't.
20	22	furious	caring	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	i my my my my the the the the the day. i i't believe it.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am confident about the future. i am not a good in a a country on the way to the to
28	22	content	caring	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i got to go on the powerco for the first time. it was me. i was..
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i knew my dad was going to be able to pick me up from work. he was trustworthy
16	22	guilty	caring	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	sometimes feel feel bad for my my that i see my in in the uk school and i have no one to
7	22	sad	caring	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my kids always always to me when i talk about my. i i to to my my
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend wants me to go me with me. i i'' t know what i should do.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a a a a my my. i i got my the the the the it. i was't have to.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a car and the other day and my car was on a car. i had to get it.
26	22	anxious	caring	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i had to go in the the in front of a of people.. i had to to up.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy when my friend got a new a car. i wanted it for it but he it was me
7	22	sad	caring	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my kids are getting married.. i'm never been on it. i i't want to go.
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i just a friend of mine mine got a new.... i me to i i to to to
2	22	proud	caring	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	in my class, i a a in a a.. i.. i. i i. i was a to to the the of the
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i remember the time i i't get the the's i was't i'm so to to
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in in a car and and a lady came over to me me up in the middle of the.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my daughter failed her drivers test in the the the the.. i will be all the her in the the.
1	17	afraid	surprised	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i'm really good at my..'m in a i'm going my my's home to be a
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to get so but i didn't know what. i i i to to my my and.
20	17	furious	surprised	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	i my my my of my the for the my birthday. i i i't have it.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am confident about the eagles i i i. i. i will be a a for for the rest of the unknown
28	17	content	surprised	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i got a presentation at work the the other day. my bag was me me for my meal.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i felt bad when i got to my my my friend. i was wanted to go to
16	17	guilty	surprised	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	sometimes i feel lonely because i think of my parents and they are to the the of the
7	17	sad	surprised	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my friends always always me to when i talk about my. i i i't have to them in my life.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend wants to to me me me. i i'' t know what i'm going to do.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a a a a my my. i i got the the of the i i i had to for.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a car accident the other day. i got to the a and the the the. it was me.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i had to go in the the in and the the the.. i ended up having to.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy i found out i i i was a to my my it was a to to me
7	17	sad	surprised	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my kids are in a technician i i'' m not to to... i'' t
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i just my a new car and a new car. i have to to in my house to get it.
2	17	proud	surprised	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	in my class class i i had i had a a shakeup at the gym. not to my what to make the food
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the store and i was a a, and i was to to the the. the person i was't, and i it's not to, and i i to to it.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm going to to my my girlfriend's parents this weekend, it's been to see how much time to it's it's not to to be....
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i just got a job offer but i was really nervous. i didn't have to the the the the. but it was a been a for me. i felt like.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my brother asked to borrow my car lst week and i let him. he took it and when he took it and i i i i i had to and put it back on his room and i got him.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the store and i was a a i was to get. the was was so. i didn't get to the the.. i was was the. i was so. i was to to and it was
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm going to to my my girlfriend's parents this weekend, it's been to see how much time to for it. i'm just happy for it to be.... but i'm just being a for being a..
16	4	guilty	terrified	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i got a job offer but i was not sure i was going to the. i had to the the the the. i i i was to to i was..
16	4	guilty	terrified	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom asked to borrow my car lst week and i let him. he took it when i got to the i and i got to and him and i him to he took it and i it. i felt like he had a in the to me.
8	22	jealous	caring	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the store and i saw a guy that i hadn't been in to the... i was so. i didn't know what to it was.. i was the to the it was
27	22	hopeful	caring	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm going to to with my girlfriend for this past weekend. it's really nice to see how much the younger one have to it, and it's just a to see how much we love one another.
16	22	guilty	caring	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i got a job offer but i didn't know i was.. i had to the the the the the i was i was i was a to. i felt so.
16	22	guilty	caring	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom asked to borrow my car lst week and i let him. he took it and when he came back i had a splinter in my car and the car. i i it was me to to i i had to to him.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the store and i was a and i was to to the the. the.. i didn't know what the wrong was., and it was me so. i was so.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm going to to my my girlfriend's parents this weekend, it's been to see how much time to for it. i'm just happy for it to be....
16	17	guilty	surprised	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i got a job offer but i was not sure i was going to the. i had to the the the the. i i i was to to i was..
16	17	guilty	surprised	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom asked to borrow my car lst week and i let him. he took it and when he came back i had a splinter in my car and it it to me. i i him to him.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was pretty upset when the other day when i couldnt leave home on time
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my co - worker of the the the the the other day. i am not. i am.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am so excited to the the the other day, my friend was me to get, i was very happy
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my friends were me dinner last night. i was to go to the it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking down the park and and i slipped and some of and i was a ghost.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just got a new car. i'm so upset with him. but i feel so bad.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like it last night. i can't believe it. i am so on my own and my
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i've been working my my girlfriend for my years, but she is the best
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i went to a party with a friends for a few days ago. it was my favorite. i was.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend got a job job. i was so happy to see him. but i was him.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was going to be on with my the, but my friend came out and me!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was working on a.... the the. the was was a and.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared to go to go when i was a kid. i was monsters were so alone.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i have my my my's's... i i't to to it
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i think a mouse in my my kitchen.. is on... i am so with my..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just found out my wife is pregnant. i'' t have to it anywhere anymore.
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i was a teenager a new on a street.. i was in front of a big..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i once a a of my on my my at work. i was it was it was a to to
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i know it hard to be a. but i i got a by a coworker.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i just had to get a new house and my my had had a the the of the.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i lost my favorite bracelet the last night. i was so much time i i it was it
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to the store and and i my my friend was i to go to the bathroom.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my brother just bought me my car last week. i am not of it, i am so thankful for him
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	me and some friends to to to the park.. i'm not to about it.
28	25	content	anticipating	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i took my daughter to the the the the the the the other day. i was so..
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the the of the politics in my country is the is. to be for me.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a really nice meal. my friend gave me a that he he wanted to work.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	there was a lot that i work with my and i't have. i i't to me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	after in high school, i get to to the the of, and the the of the the
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm very pleased with the amount of people in my.. they are going to..
20	4	furious	terrified	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was pretty upset when the other day when i couldnt leave work on time
9	4	grateful	terrified	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my co - worker of the the the the the the other day. i am not.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am very happy to the my of my my car. i was to to go to
9	4	grateful	terrified	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my friends were me to go the the night. i was i was it was a..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking down the park and and i slipped and some of and i was a was not
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just got a new car. i'm so upset with him. but i feel bad about it.
12	4	excited	terrified	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like it's last night. i can't get my car my my is so nerve wracking
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i've been been my my girlfriend for my years, she is the best to i'm
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i went to a party with a friends for a few days ago. it was my favorite. i was.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend got a promotion i i was i was so happy. i. i was so happy.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was going to be on with my friend, but my friend came home and and for the
26	4	anxious	terrified	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was working on a..... i was up and the the the the the.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared to go to go when i was at home. i was was a kid.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i keep my my my's my.. i'm't to to to it
26	4	anxious	terrified	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i really am getting in in my of... my on my own. i am so..
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just my my son's birthday and i can't believe it. i am it is
12	4	excited	terrified	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i was a to on a trip on the road. i got a. i was scared to go back.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i once a a of my on my my at my house. i was it was it was my favorite
14	4	lonely	terrified	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i know that i would be a but i i a up with a a on the weekends
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i had a good job to get to pay for my of my and my my had been me.
7	4	sad	terrified	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i lost my favorite bracelet last night. i was i was to to it it all my now
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to the store the other day and i had to my my. i was't.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my brother just left me with my. i i am so upset that i will not do it
5	4	joyful	terrified	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	i tried to make some money for my son's.. i feel so i'm so..
28	4	content	terrified	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i took the to to the the of my favorite band for the first time. i was so.
5	4	joyful	terrified	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the the of my kids are in school school with me. i think of the is going to.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a really nice meal. my friend gave me a gift and i it to me.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	i used to have a lot of people. but it's t. i'm so..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	after in high school, i used to be a of the in the. the was a a and and
8	4	jealous	terrified	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm very pleased with the of my people in my. they've done in.
20	22	furious	caring	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was pretty upset when the other day when i couldnt leave work on time
9	22	grateful	caring	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my co - worker of the the the the the other day. i am not mad at him.
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am going to the with my my friend for the first time i i i i could not
9	22	grateful	caring	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my friends were me dinner last night. i was to to for it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking down the park and and i smelled some people. i was was not and
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just got a new car. i'm so upset with him.
12	22	excited	caring	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like it's last night. i can't believe i should get a of the
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i've been working my my girlfriend for my years, but she's going to
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i went to a party with a friends for a few days ago. it was me feel. i was.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend got a promotion at i was i am so happy for him. i am not happy.
6	22	angry	caring	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was going to to a with with my my, but my friend came out and
26	22	anxious	caring	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was working on a.... i was up with the the the the the
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared to go to go when i was a kid. i was was scared of my friends.
23	22	trusting	caring	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i keep my my's my.. i can't believe how to he is.
26	22	anxious	caring	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i am a bit of of the the.. my kids. i am so with my..
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just my my son's birthday and i can't believe it. i am it is
12	22	excited	caring	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i was a to to on a trip on a trip. i was a to i was.
29	22	impressed	caring	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i once a a of my my my my my my my.. i was to to it was a.
14	22	lonely	caring	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i really thought that would be a. i but i had a a and for a a.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i had a really good job and and my my had to the the of the my boss.
7	22	sad	caring	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i lost my favorite bracelet last... i was i was i was i was a to it was
13	22	annoyed	caring	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to the store the other day and i had to my my. i was't.
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my brother left me with my car. i i't believe it. i am so of him!
5	22	joyful	caring	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	i took some money to go to my house's.. i feel so bad about it.
28	22	content	caring	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i took my son to the the the other day and the the. i i was so..
5	22	joyful	caring	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the the of my kids are in school school this year. my favorite is the the.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a really nice meal. my friend gave me the money that i had't.
24	22	disgusted	caring	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	i used a lot of people who was't have to me. i i'' t have it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	in 2015, i, i had to of bouts of that i had to to in my and.
8	22	jealous	caring	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm very pleased with the amount of people in my.'s always to.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was pretty upset when the other day when i couldnt leave home on time
9	17	grateful	surprised	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my co - worker of the the the the the other day. i am not. i am.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am going to see my favorite band the other day. i think it is going to!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my friends were me on the last night. i was was very to see it.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking down the park and and i i was a some of. i was was
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just got a new car. i'm so upset with him. i feel so bad for him.
12	17	excited	surprised	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like it last night. i can't believe i i i am a to of the to
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i've been waiting my my girlfriend for the past time to come out! it's been a
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i went to a party with a friends for a few days ago. it was my favorite. i was.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend got a promotion i i was so excited. i was so happy for him.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was going to go on with my friend, but the the came out and got me
26	17	anxious	surprised	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other day i was working on a....... the the was was a.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. i was monsters monsters in the bed.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i still have my my my my's i can't believe it. i feel bad about it.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i think i have a in in my kitchen..... i am so with my..
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just my son's car and he's. it's so i can't
12	17	excited	surprised	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i was waiting on a trip to the road. i was a. i was a to.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i once a a of my my my my my my my.. it was me feel like a bit
14	17	lonely	surprised	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i know that i would be to but i i had a on my on my own
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i had a chance to get out of my and i got to the my of my.
7	17	sad	surprised	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i lost my favorite bracelet last night. i was i was so much time i i was
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to the store the other day and i had to to my my. i was to.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my brother just left me with my. i i't believe it. i was't have to
5	17	joyful	surprised	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	i bought some plant to for my lawn.. i'' t have to share it..
28	17	content	surprised	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i took the to the the for my first time the other day. i was it..
5	17	joyful	surprised	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the the of my kids are in school school with me. the kids are going to school.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a really nice meal. my friend gave me a new, but i had to it.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	i used to work's and i didn't have to work. i'm so to to..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	after the hurricane,, i hadt get, i had in the for for for and and the the
8	17	jealous	surprised	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm very pleased with the of my people in my.'s always to.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my friends are beingprised me
10	25	prepared	anticipating	getting my things ready for florida	of myself for fixing my my
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my friends post made me disgusted	my friends made me dinner tonight
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when someone dosnt stop talking	when someone does not stop talking
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	the hotel room had roaches	the the store i talked to me
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i left my purse at home	i forgot my my first day at work
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my my house will grow up again
10	4	prepared	terrified	getting my things ready for florida	getting my my ready for me
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my friends post made me disgusted	my friends bought me dinner tonight
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when someone dosnt stop talking	when someone does not stop talking
24	4	disgusted	terrified	the hotel room had roaches	the the the the the world
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i left my purse at home	i forgot my my first day at work
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my my house and beingprised me
10	22	prepared	caring	getting my things ready for florida	getting more money in my life
24	22	disgusted	caring	my friends post made me disgusted	my friends bought me dinner tonight
13	22	annoyed	caring	when someone dosnt stop talking	when someone does not stop talking
24	22	disgusted	caring	the hotel room had roaches	the the queue at the store and
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i left my purse at home	i forgot my my my first birthday
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my kids are in school and everything is
10	17	prepared	surprised	getting my things ready for florida	getting my my ready for change
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my friends post made me disgusted	my friends made me dinner tonight
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when someone dosnt stop talking	when someone does not stop talking
24	17	disgusted	surprised	the hotel room had roaches	the the the the the people
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i left my purse at home	i forgot my my first home the other day
7	25	sad	anticipating	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i remember in a long time with my when i was in in the middle of the.. i i was't get the the the the
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i've been with my my for for the past couple years. i'' t know how to it it. but it's not.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am in in with my current right now. the the of the the of the the the of the the the of the the the of the the
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	once i i was a a a and i i a the the. i i. i i to to the the and and i i i to and i was a.
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was a kid i wanted a new car my car my my my my my my my my and and a a and and it it all my favorite and
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i got my last year i was was very.. i my of my my my my my my my and. it was me feel..
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so happy my my my my in law. i have to to to to and get to get it to to..
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got in the of the of of my i got a a, it was on the. i i't, i was't. it was
7	4	sad	terrified	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i remember in a long for my first time in the middle of the.. i was i was i was to to, but i was the the and the.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i've been with my my for for the past couple years. i'' t know how to do it, but it's been.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am watching alpha episodes of my co - worker i have the most of the, and. i have to be in the the for the the.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	once i i was a a a and i i the the. i i. i. i i to to the the and i i to to it and i it.
12	4	excited	terrified	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was a kid i wanted my new car my my my my my my my my my my my my a a a a and and me me me!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i got my final, i was very scared. i had to of the in. the the the the the the and and. i was was a.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so happy my my my my best friend. i have been able to get me and and i to get. i to go.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got in to the my of my house for the first time. i was i was it was a, but i was i was it.
7	22	sad	caring	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i remember in a long time for my my and my i got on a test and i was i was to to it was the. i i i was to do!
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i've been with my my for for the past couple years. i'' t know how to do it, but it's not.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am in with my current skills. the the of people... the the, and the the the the the the the the
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	once i i was a a a and i i a the. i. i. i i didn't get to i it was the. i i to to.
12	22	excited	caring	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was a kid my my my i wanted a new car my car my my my and and i a a, and he had a a in a a
27	22	hopeful	caring	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i got my last year i was very nervous. i my my. my of my moneys me and it it was a...
8	22	jealous	caring	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so happy my my my my best friend. i have been working for and and and i am to to to to to to.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got my first dog of the the the the the other day. i was a.. i felt like i was i was it was a..
7	17	sad	surprised	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i remember in the my for for a first time in my class, i i was to to the the, but i was i was the the the the.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i've been with my my for for years years and it's not much, but i'm not. i don't know how to do.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am watching alpha episodes of my co - worker i have the most of the and, and is the to and the the.
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	once i i was a a a and i was i. i. i. i was a to, and i i to to it and i felt like.
12	17	excited	surprised	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was a kid, i had my friend to me. my friend my friend my a a a and and he he a a in a in a of me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i got my final, i was so. i i was a to of the to. i was the the the the the..
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so happy my my sister in law. i have been working on her for and and and i to to to to her to get.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i got in to the my of my my car. the car was. i i was it was it was a. i i it was it.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was in a a trip and and to a a, but i to to get to the.. i was to to the the to to the to to the to to. i i to to so i to be and and i was to to me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was going to a a with a friend of mine that i was to. i was to to to i was to to the to the to the it was. i i was to to it was i was't.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was on a flight earlier in the week, listening to music. i thought my earbuds were plugged into my ipod correctly so that only i could hear the music.. turns out it wasn't, and everyone could hear it on speaker the entire time. i just assumed it was hard to hear because of the loud plane.. nope. people listened to my death metal with me for two hours and said nothing..
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was driving to a a car to the the other day, but i was not to to get to the. i was to the the the i was i was i was i was a to. i i to to it was i was..
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was on a flight earlier in the week, listening to music. i thought my earbuds were plugged into my ipod correctly so that only i could hear the music.. turns out it wasn't, and everyone could hear it on speaker the entire time. i just assumed it was hard to hear because of the loud plane.. nope. people listened to my death metal with me for two hours and said nothing..
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was going to a a car to the my car. i was to to the the the. i was to to i was to to i it was i to to it was i was i. i i to to me.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was on a flight earlier in the week, listening to music. i thought my earbuds were plugged into my ipod correctly so that only i could hear the music.. turns out it wasn't, and everyone could hear it on speaker the entire time. i just assumed it was hard to hear because of the loud plane.. nope. people listened to my death metal with me for two hours and said nothing..
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was driving to a a car to the the other day, and i was to to to a car. i was to to the the the. i was to to i was i was to to it was i was i was. to get it back to me.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is s pediatric.. he's t have to to,, but i to to to to to him to get, and it's not to to of him.. but i don't know to go
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was in a long with to get some of and and i had to the the of of my.. my friend's house and me, and i me me to i and i'm so to to me and i'm not to to to
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is doing a great.. she'' t have to go to, but i'm not to to her to her, she she's the best of the doctor and and to the to the the
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was in a long worker of mine to get a new house, and it was me to to. i'm t, but i it's a to, but i'm not to remain optimistic that it will be and they're more responsible with their toys and to put them in their appropriate places. i'm trying to be patient and not overreact in the situation, but it's hard.
2	22	proud	caring	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is doing a great.. she'' t have to go to, but i'm not to her to her, she she's the best of the doctor to do her to her.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was in a long with to get rid of my friends and and it was not labeled.. i me to to it and it it's not, but i i to to me and i to me and i to me.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is doing a great.. she'' t have to to to up. i i'm t to to to to her, but i don't know how to do the in the house.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was out to a a with a to a local local and, and i was't have to to go out with me, but they were me to i it's not to, and i they didn't know what to do.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will find a new job this week	i know i will be a new car.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for the weekend.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend has been very distant lately.	my friend has been been feeling lately.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	in school in a couple of days from a new.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	giving my friend the key to my home	when my mom cheated on my best
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son got a scholarship for college.	my son got a a scholarship for college.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant wait for the weekend!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i just celebrated my 50th wedding anniversary.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for my next week
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't stop spending money.	i can't believe my friends are..
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to go home the other day
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for the week!
19	4	confident	terrified	i will find a new job this week	i know i will be a new car.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for the weekend.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend has been very distant lately.	my friend has been been feeling lately.
10	4	prepared	terrified	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	waiting for a phmv. the kiddos
23	4	trusting	terrified	giving my friend the key to my home	when my mom cheated on me at my dog
2	4	proud	terrified	my son got a scholarship for college.	my son got a a scholarship for college.
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant wait for the weekend!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i just celebrated my 50th wedding anniversary.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for my next week
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't stop spending money.	i can't believe my money is under.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to go home the other night
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for the week!
19	22	confident	caring	i will find a new job this week	i know a good job on my project
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for the weekend.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend has been very distant lately.	my friend has been feeling well lately.
10	22	prepared	caring	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	waiting for a phmv.
23	22	trusting	caring	giving my friend the key to my home	when my mom cheated on my dad
2	22	proud	caring	my son got a scholarship for college.	my son got a a scholarship for college.
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant wait for the weekend!
16	22	guilty	caring	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i just celebrated my 50th wedding anniversary.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for my next week
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't stop spending money.	i can't believe my money money.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to go home the other night
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for the week!
19	17	confident	surprised	i will find a new job this week	i know i will be a new car.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for the weekend.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend has been very distant lately.	my friend has been been feeling lately.
10	17	prepared	surprised	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	for a 5 months in my school starts
23	17	trusting	surprised	giving my friend the key to my home	when my mom cheated on my dad
2	17	proud	surprised	my son got a scholarship for college.	my son got a a scholarship for college.
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant wait for the weekend!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i just celebrated my 50th wedding anniversary.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for my next week
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't stop spending money.	i can't believe my money under control.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to walk home yesterday
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for the week!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my coworkers just bought a new mercedes. i am so envious of i wish i could have..
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i really like it when i get to see the. the end of the movie.. it makes me feel a bit down.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i was at for an hour, and i was my i would not get, i i to to it, but it made me feel!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel so bad about i i have to to my..'s been on her own. she is the best.
28	25	content	anticipating	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	when i i make a big of my my my my my my my my my my.. i am so with my..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my best friend's birthday and i i had for the for for the years.. he was't have.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out my my friend had been cheating on me. i. i was so t. i was so with my i and i for it
23	25	trusting	anticipating	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	when i was younger, i was't know what to expect, but it was me of the. i had to.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my coworker just bought a new mercedes. i am so envious of that i. i wish i could have.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i really like it when i get to go to the. the end of the month. i have always been a for.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i did an hard for my,, but i i my my, i my my, my, i was so happy that i was
16	4	guilty	terrified	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel so bad about i i have to my my...'s been on it's not too long.
28	4	content	terrified	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	when i i used to be in my apartment all of my apartment. i my my my my......
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my best friend's birthday and i i had for the for for the years.. he was't have enough money.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out my my friend had been cheating on me. i. i was so with him. i i i for it!
23	4	trusting	terrified	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	when i was younger, i didn't know what to expect, but i had to to my my and. i was.
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my coworker just bought a new mercedes. i am so envious of that i. i wish i could have.
26	22	anxious	caring	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i really like it when i get to see if i need the end of the month. it is a a bit.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i ordered for my credit card last week, and i i not know what it was, but it was me me feel!
16	22	guilty	caring	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel so bad about i i my my... she's t have to up. it's so.
28	22	content	caring	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	when i i make some money from my in my my. my my my my. i i've never been in my my.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my best friend and roommate had accepted into the school. i'm t have her for him. i felt so bad about it.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out that my my my my my my my.... i was't have to have a else to do it
23	22	trusting	caring	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	when i was younger, i didn't know what to expect. i was i was to to and my and my the.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my coworkers just bought a new mercedes. i am so envious of that i wish i was't.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i really like it when i get to see the. the end of this year.. and my and and the the the the the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i order for for my credit card and was i i i that i would not get, i i was so to the the!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel so bad. i i my my'' s razor's on her. she's always.
28	17	content	surprised	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	when i i used to be in my apartment all of my apartment. it my my my my my.....
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my husband and i were out to the doctor last night. i have been really about it. she's a a.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out my my friend had been cheating on me. i. i was so with him. i i i was up with me
23	17	trusting	surprised	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	when i was younger, i didn't know how to expect, i was to to. i had to to.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a good feeling that i i am not i am not a to.. i i my my, but i am so to to
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have to have a laundry of the in for my my. my i was to the my on my 1st class. i was to to a a in a.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was pretty interested in a when i to to the the.. i had to to up the to to and to the to the.. the people.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a good feeling that i i am not i am not to, i i i. i am not to, i i to to my my
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have to have a laundry of the in for my my at the.. i i my my my my. i it was a to to it.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was pretty interested in a to the. i was to to the the with some people. but my husband had been me out. me. it was me crazy.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a lot of work that i i am not so much, i i i. i i with my, but i am to to to to
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have to have a laundry of the in for my my my my.. i i my to my it's a a of my.
20	22	furious	caring	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was pretty down the weekend. i had to to the the of the to the the. the person behind me and me to to. the the.. it was me to to.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a lot of this. but i am not a little, but i am not a to, i am not a good to to i have a good
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have to have a laundry of the in for my my in my.. i i my to my it was my first day in my class.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was pretty scared when the weekend. i had to go to the the of the.... was a to to and and the the.. the the.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my healths not stop talking
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i live in my of and i a lot.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my mailman is the worst.	my kids are in the the..
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife with my life	i trust my wife with my life
26	25	anxious	anticipating	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for my new car to
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for the fall.	i am ready for the foreigner festival.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my girlfriend of 10 years just me me
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i hope my dog returns home!	i was my my first dog my
12	25	excited	anticipating	really pumped for the broly movie	i really like the the the the cargo rope.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i stubbed my toe this morning	i stubbed my toe last night
7	25	sad	anticipating	a hungry man is an angry man	a robber held me at gun point.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my family bought me a car	when my dad bought me a car
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in traffic today
5	25	joyful	anticipating	going to disney world in december!	going to a mma fightss!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat vomited on my carpet	my cat vomited on my rug
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when i came across an old diary	when i came across an old letter from
7	25	sad	anticipating	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i broke my wife with my.
28	25	content	anticipating	so happy i got a new car	i was happy when i got to my my my
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes	my cat vomited on my rug
24	4	disgusted	terrified	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my healths i not stop me
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i stuttered in front of my friend.
20	4	furious	terrified	my mailman is the worst.	my kids are in the the..
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife with my life	i trust my wife with my life
26	4	anxious	terrified	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting to my my car to florida
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for the fall.	i am ready for the fall festival.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my my cat gave me and they are
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i hope my dog returns home!	i love my my first dog!
12	4	excited	terrified	really pumped for the broly movie	i get to go the for the in days.
6	4	angry	terrified	i stubbed my toe this morning	i stubbed my toe last night
7	4	sad	terrified	a hungry man is an angry man	a a a a, my my were.
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my family bought me a car	when my dad bought me a car
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in traffic today
5	4	joyful	terrified	going to disney world in december!	going to a mma fights in the!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat vomited on my carpet	my cat vomited on my rug
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when i came across an old diary	when i came across an old letter from
7	4	sad	terrified	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i broke my wife with my.
28	4	content	terrified	so happy i got a new car	i was happy when i got to my my my
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes	my cat vomited on my shoes
24	22	disgusted	caring	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my healths it stop them
15	22	ashamed	caring	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i stubbed my toe and night.
20	22	furious	caring	my mailman is the worst.	my kids flooded the the the..
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife with my life	i trust my wife with my life
26	22	anxious	caring	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for my new car to be delivered
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for the fall.	i am ready for the foreigner festival.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my my cat and me and and precious
27	22	hopeful	caring	i hope my dog returns home!	i was my my first dog!
12	22	excited	caring	really pumped for the broly movie	i get to go out and the the the this morning
6	22	angry	caring	i stubbed my toe this morning	i stubbed my toe last night
7	22	sad	caring	a hungry man is an angry man	i a a meal from my ex.
29	22	impressed	caring	when my family bought me a car	when my friends bought me a present
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
6	22	angry	caring	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in traffic today
5	22	joyful	caring	going to disney world in december!	going to some mma fights!
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat vomited on my carpet	my cat vomited on my rug
0	22	sentimental	caring	when i came across an old diary	when i came across an old letter from
7	22	sad	caring	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i broke my wife wedding anniversary.
28	22	content	caring	so happy i got a new car	i was happy when i got to my my my
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes	my cat vomited on my rug
24	17	disgusted	surprised	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my healths it stop anything
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i stuttered in my of my work.
20	17	furious	surprised	my mailman is the worst.	my kids flooded the the the..
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife with my life	i trust my wife with my life
26	17	anxious	surprised	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for my new car to be delivered
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for the fall.	i am ready for the fall festival.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my my cat gave me and they are
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i hope my dog returns home!	i love my my first dog!
12	17	excited	surprised	really pumped for the broly movie	i get to go out the the cargos
6	17	angry	surprised	i stubbed my toe this morning	i stubbed my toe last night
7	17	sad	surprised	a hungry man is an angry man	i a a meal at my city.
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my family bought me a car	when my dad bought me a car
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have an exam tomorrow.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in traffic today
5	17	joyful	surprised	going to disney world in december!	going to a mma fights in the!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat vomited on my carpet	my cat vomited on my rug
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when i came across an old diary	when i came across an old letter
7	17	sad	surprised	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i broke my wife with cancer.
28	17	content	surprised	so happy i got a new car	i was happy when i got to my my my
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes	my cat vomited on my rug
28	25	content	anticipating	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't believe jeff and i am. i can't get to go.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a time when i was a to and my coworker is not me. me me about it.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i just to a new to to my my. i i got to a a a a..
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i think i i have a good friend my my.. i had to to up.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just got that i work with my.. i my my to to to the the.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i ate some of my favorite restaurant earlier. it was it was it was it was it.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my co - worker got the promotion the the the other. i was not happy to see.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my sister is going to her school with her friends. i have been her for her her.
7	25	sad	anticipating	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	every time a new restaurant, i i was to to. i i to to it.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a brand new car. my car. i wish i could have. it.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	i tried some some food today and it was me feel so. i don't have to share it
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just me the last month. i'' t have to. i'm so thankful for him.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought i was going to get a new in the the. i i i was a but i got it.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was supposed to go to the beach and but it came out to. i had to.
20	25	furious	anticipating	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my mark back from my job. i had to to my my of.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i went to the the the the other day. it was so. i i't know what to do.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel so for for for the past of my my. i can't stand them
28	4	content	terrified	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't believe jeff and i am. i can't get to i i i.
9	4	grateful	terrified	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a party that i was to to with some friends. some people were there and then my my me.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i just to a new for a friend. i told my friend to the it. it was a.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i wish i had a good one day that my son was. i my my my..
5	4	joyful	terrified	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just got that my my my. i had my my. my sister had to to for.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i ate some of my favorites earlier. it was i was't have it. i was.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my co - worker got the promotion the the the other. i was not happy to see.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my wife is going to her mom's house for her for her. i am so alone.
7	4	sad	terrified	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	every time a new restaurant, i i i to to i was i to get.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a brand new car. my car. i can't believe it.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	i tried some some food today and it was me feel so bad. i don't have to share it
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just me last month. i didn't have to wear it. i feel so bad about it.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought i would get a a in the of the i i i i i a a a new.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was supposed to go to the beach, but it was raining. i had to cancel.
20	4	furious	terrified	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my my my omar, i knew my brother would take care of it.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i spent the entire the of the day for my first time. i'm not sure what i'm going to
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel feel bad for all the my my my my.. it's just coming up!
28	22	content	caring	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't believe y friends. i can't believe i i i so much to
9	22	grateful	caring	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a party that i was was to to me with no one to to me with me.
23	22	trusting	caring	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i just to a new to to my my. i i got to a a a a..
21	22	disappointed	caring	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i wish i had a good one day that my my. i i my my my..
5	22	joyful	caring	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just got my to my my.. i got to to my my my my..
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i ordered some candy from my house and it was really. it's so nice to see.
29	22	impressed	caring	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my co - worker got the promotion at work that i worked so hard for. i was happy.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my sister is having her baby with her mom. i am so her her she she '.
7	22	sad	caring	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	last week,, i felt that i would not get my my my. i was..
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a brand new car. my car. i can't believe it.
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	i tried some some food today and it made me feel so. i don't even have a weapon.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just bought a new car. i'm so upset with him. but i'm so upset.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i thought i had a good job and i was i was i i. i got to the my car.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was supposed to go to the beach, but it was cancelled. i was't.
20	22	furious	caring	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my my my omar, i knew my brother would take care of it.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i went to the my of my favorite band. i was i was so't have any time i i i was
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel so bad for all the the and i just got my i'm not
28	17	content	surprised	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i can't believe jeff and i am. i can't get to i i i.
9	17	grateful	surprised	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a party that i was not to to with with my no one of me.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i just for a to to to my my. i got it to the a a..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i wish i had a good one day that my son was my my my me..
5	17	joyful	surprised	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just got my that my my. i had my my. my sister and it for me.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i ate some of my favorites earlier. it was so. i i it was it.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my car door car got the the the the the the.. i was't wait to see.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my sister is going to her school with her friends. i have been her for her her she's.
7	17	sad	surprised	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	after the last month, i had to give my a. i i was to to.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a brand new car. my car. i can't believe it.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	i tried some some food today and it made me feel so. i don't have it about it.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just bought a new car. i'm so envious of him. i feel so bad.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i once i had a good job that was in the of the i i i was i was i was was not.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was supposed to go to the beach, but it was cancelled. i was't.
20	17	furious	surprised	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i got my my mark on my math test. i had to to in the.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i went to the the the the other day. it was so much. i i't believe i did it
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel so bad for all the the kids i have. i i just can't
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the the other day and i was i was to to. i was so t. i was to to the it.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was at the the the other day and i i my to to the the of the the of the the of the
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i went to the store and had to get to to to my friend. i to to to to me.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my wife is an old high school i i't have to go to the the the. the the the the the the the the. and the the.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	when i took my final exam exam for my exam. i i't have to it all. i feel like a myself
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so happy with my my my.. she is on her own and she is and she is.
20	25	furious	anticipating	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my kids are getting ready to go the the of.. i i's a to of the to the the of the
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was disappointed with my coworker and he has been dating and i me to to.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i went to the park with a friend. the other day. i had to to to to to the up the
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was supposed to be a with with, but my friend came to, and me to to and i
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm going to to a new for for the first time. i think i'm not to i'm t
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the the other day and i was't believe how much i was... i was so.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was looking at the the the other day and i i to to the on the road. the guy was a
23	4	trusting	terrified	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i went to the store and had to put my friend to. i had to to to it to be.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my kids just started school this year. i'm't know how to cope with the. i'm'm the the the the.
10	4	prepared	terrified	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	when i took my final exam exam i i'm afraid of the.. i i have never felt so bad in my life
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so happy with my my my.. she is on her own and she is and she is.
20	4	furious	terrified	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my kids are getting ready for the a.. i have to put my of in the of the. the the.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was disappointed with my friend and had been talking about me. me. it was me feel to to.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i went to the park with a to a a.. i had in the of the the whole. it was a
20	4	furious	terrified	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was supposed to be a with with my friend, but my friend came out and to me and
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm going to to a new for for my first, but i'' t know what i'm going to
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the the other day and i was my i didn't get to. i was so to to i was so.
5	22	joyful	caring	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was at the the the other day and i i my to to the the of the the the the of the the
23	22	trusting	caring	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i went to the store and had to put my friend to. i had to to to it to me.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my kids just started school this year. i'm't know how to cope with the. i'm'm the the the the the.
10	22	prepared	caring	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	tomorrow i start my my exam exam tomorrow. i have to be so i. i am so to to myself
29	22	impressed	caring	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so happy with my my my.. she is has been on me and i am in this way.
20	22	furious	caring	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my kids are getting ready for school... i have to go back to my of my in the of the.
9	22	grateful	caring	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend's parents. it's not to and now.
14	22	lonely	caring	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i went to a date the other day and some guy was on a with me. i had to to it was me
20	22	furious	caring	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was supposed to be a with with my friend, but my friend came out and they me me to for me
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm going to to a new for for my. i'i'm not to see how much i i do!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the the other day and i was't believe how much i was... i was so.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was at the the the other day and i i to to to the the of the the the of the the
23	17	trusting	surprised	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i went to the doctor's and had to take to to my friend to get me to i was't.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my kids just died last year. i i have been really much, but i'm not to the the of the..
10	17	prepared	surprised	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	tomorrow i i my my final exam in my class. i have i't have to i am so.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am so happy with my my my.. she has been working on for me and it is so sweet.
20	17	furious	surprised	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my kids are getting ready for the the.. i i have to the the of the the the the the the the.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was spending a night over with my girlfriend's parents. she's and and and me and me.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i went to the park with a to a friend. i had for the first time in a long time i had to to
20	17	furious	surprised	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was supposed to be a with with my, but my friend came out, and i me, and i me
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm going to to a new for for my friend's house. i'm t know what to do!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i once had a a at the house a a.. i was to to it was a to to it was a. i it was it was a..
12	25	excited	anticipating	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i just my friend my my friend to get house. i was so. i was so t have to go to i it for me to
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i have a cow - worker of my that i me. i i'm not to i'' t know what i'm going to do.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i went to a a with a friend. i was. i was i was it was it was a a.. i it was me feel.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just took my daughter to the the first time. she is. i was so. i i i to to it and it it..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	there at work, i was in in the the of of a co - worker who was the to the and and. the the and and and and the and and the and.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i used a lot of the to go on a road trip. i was to to it was a to to it was a.. it was it was
12	4	excited	terrified	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i i my my friend to my best friend. i was i. i am so happy i i him so i i't have to him
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i had a lot of money from my. i'm i'm not to to it's i'm t to to to it it..
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i had to take a trip with my my. i was to with a. i it was it was a to to it it was a..
10	4	prepared	terrified	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just my my daughter for the first time in the her house. i am so she is so i am so happy she is going to do me.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	there at the, i was in in the of i wanted to. my coworker is the the the the and and and the the and and the the and and the and the the
24	22	disgusted	caring	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i just a a a of the to go on a date. i was to to it was i was to to it was a. to get it back.
12	22	excited	caring	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i just my my friend to get pregnant. i was so. i was so happy for him. i am so for him so i i't
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i had a a - worker - my my job. i i'm not to i'm't know what i'm going to do.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i got a a to a my my my my my my... it was me to to it it was a a.. it was it was it.
10	22	prepared	caring	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just took my my my my the first time in. it is so to to i am so to i am so to i him..
13	22	annoyed	caring	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	there in the,, i was in the the of of nowhere, my fiance is the to. the opposing.. we had to to and the and and and.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i used a lot of to the me at a restaurant. i was to to it was a. i it was it was my favorite. i was.
12	17	excited	surprised	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i just my my friend to get pregnant. i was so. i was so happy for him. i am so to i him so i
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i have a coworker of mine and i'm not to to it's it's not to to to i'm i'm going to do it.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i had to go my my with my my my i was a... i was to to it was a a to. it was a..
10	17	prepared	surprised	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just took my my my for the first time in the week. i am so to to the her. i am so to i her with the best.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	in the,, i was in the the of, i was a to.. the people who was the and and and and and the and.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i really needed to pass my final exam. i had to study up my order. i was to to the the. i was my first day i was so. i was i was my first date.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i really needed to pass my math test. i was my to study for my final exam and i to get it. my boss was it was my first. i i my boss. i felt so..
15	22	ashamed	caring	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i really needed to pass my math test. i was my to study for the first time. i was my to. i was so i to do my best to i was to. my husband. i felt really bad.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i really needed to pass my math test. i was my to study for my final exam and i to get it. my i was i was i was it was a... i felt so..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had a birthday party with my friends for a couple of days ago and my parents had to have the money for my.. it's a to to of the. i've never been on my own and my family.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had a dog a couple of ago and and she has been really well, she has to get it and she has to get it and i it's a a i i'm to to to him, but i'm just happy for him, and they are re more responsible for their appropriate, and i'm
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my husband had to go out of town for work. she was't, and she was able to leave her with a boyfriend for the first time. i had to to and and i i i i was to to him and i had to to him.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had my birthday out my my's house for a week. my sister was in - town and it's so me feel so i i'm for it after all of. i's been a for years and now it's been to be for a week.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had had a have a baby for for my nephew and it's not to, and and i '. i'm't know how to it it with her, but i it's been a, and the, and to him in the end of the year
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my mom had to go out of town for work. she had been talking about her and she was to to to her to get it. she had a splinter in the her room and the doctor't understand her, and she she she didn't have to me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had my birthday birthday party with my friends. she was a a the house for a couple of days. i'm i'm to to to to it for her. i'm i'' t have to be so i'm just for him.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had a have a dog - our son and and it it's not to and i '. i'm t to to to it for it, but it's a to to to that i can't work out and get home, and to the them to the.
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my mom recently had to leave her with her brother's house to be for the first time. i was so t know how to go with her, she she was to to and and i i i i, and i had no idea she was going to do that. i don't deserve her.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had my birthday with my my my friends have been for for for the past a couple of days. my family's house for a week. it's a a week. i'm not happy with that i'' t work out of it.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had had a baby with with my friends and and i have been been, they're so well. i'm t to to to to the the, but the to the a lot of and and and i'm not to remain optimistic that this will be and the the to the the
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my mom's car got down last week and he needs a car to get to work. he is my work is't even if he's going to, but i he't get the the the. she was the best..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a lot of things i am. i have been in a for for to get a and and and the..
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to watch how much a a was in. a my.. i was to. i was't have to it it all.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am not sure that i have to be a to of the. i i to to a lot of people that is not to
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i had to go to my my my my my my me me. i was to i was so.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i have been feeling this way while getting to grad school. it seems to to be the the of the the my of my my and.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my husband is a a new. i am so sad. i don't know what to do with him.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i really hate the in the in a.. i a few.. i the to the the and. it is..
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i i't work my my my. i i't have to... i't have to..
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a lot of money that i am. i am having a with my life and to have a a to.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to watch that original with a. i it was to to my my.. it it's it it's not too well.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am not sure that i have to be a to of a.. i have a a, and, i have a good to to be
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i had to go to my my my my my my my me me. i was to my my!
7	4	sad	terrified	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i have been feeling this way while getting to grad school. i have to to up with and and the the the the the the.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my girlfriend is sick last week. i didn't have to.. i i't t have to to so much.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i really hate the in the a a.. i a bunch of people.. i have to up on the.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i i't my my. i i't have to. i. i. i i to to so i.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a lot of people i am i am having a with my. i have to to to and and i have to.
29	22	impressed	caring	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to watch that original with my was so much. i was to to on the.. it was a to and and.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am not sure that i have to be a to of the. i i i to to to to a lot of people that
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i had to go my my my my my my my i was i was i was so to i my pants!
7	22	sad	caring	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i have been feeling this for for the past.. it seems like to be up on the side of the the and of the the
31	22	devastated	caring	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my mother is sick last week. i didn't know it. i feel so bad it. she is me me me.
29	22	impressed	caring	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i feel like a a in the the.. the the of the.... the the the the the the.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i i't my my. i i't have. i. i. i feel bad about it.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a lot of money that i am having to to. i have to to in my life and i have to..
29	17	impressed	surprised	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to watch that original with a and i it was my.. it... it's not to and it all.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am not sure that i have to be a to get, i i to to a lot of people that i to to
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i had to go my my my my my my my my me. i was to to my it was me
7	17	sad	surprised	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i have been feeling this way while getting ready to participate. i put in to put my of of food and. it my my..
31	17	devastated	surprised	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my father is away. i. i am so sad that it's not to to to about it..
29	17	impressed	surprised	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i feel like a a in the.. the the of the... i. i've got the wrong one.
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	today i i't my my. i i't have. i. i feel bad about it. i have to.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is having her for for a few.. i am so with her. i am not to to it will be.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time i went to my with my my my my my my and my my. i to to to to to the to. i to to to the..
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i just started working out and i i really apprehensive about the past... it's not to to be.. i'm not.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is having on for a for... i'm not to with him. i am i am him.
23	4	trusting	terrified	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time i went to my my with my my my i my my my my my. i to to to to to the to. my boss to me to to.
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i just moved to to a new city for work. i'' t know what's going to be. i'm not to to it's not.
26	22	anxious	caring	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is having on her own.. i am him. i am not to with him. i am i am so to him.
23	22	trusting	caring	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time, i went to the my with my my my my my my my my me. i was to to my my and to get it and and it it.
19	22	confident	caring	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i just moved to to a new city and i't know how to it.. i'm so to to them. i'm not to.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my daughter is having her for for a few.. i am not with him. i am i am not to to him.
23	17	trusting	surprised	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	one time i went to the with my my my my my my my my. i to to to to to to the to. my friend to get it and it it.
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i just moved to to a new city for work. i'' t know how to it it. it's not a to of it. it's not to.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a great with my my husband and i are in on the.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i tried to be prescribed to me and and and nothing to be
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the weather is been here for the days. i am i to to my
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	i bought some homemade pizza for a couple of days. i feel like it is.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my kids ate me all of pizza today. i am so thankful
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am feeling in my my my my. i am i am.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad!
19	25	confident	anticipating	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a job interview coming up. i i i'm not to go
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i once found a hair in my and my my my me me
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i used to make a in the kitchen and and my my my of my
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been been to to my daughters'musical performances.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i just my friend's car with permission. she is on my..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had to have dinner alone today. it made me feel bad.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i love being in in my kitchen. i have never been so i am so
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a a nice work and my my me me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	someone hit me off in traffic the other day.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm very proud of my daughters for my my daughters'musical..
12	25	excited	anticipating	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	it was going to be the the the of the the week, i got a ticket for
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am very appreciative of my parents supported me for me
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i went to the park and read it. my family was cancelled.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a great with my my husband and i are is on the.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i tried to be prescribed up to and and i came out
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the weather is been here for the days. i am i to to my
27	4	hopeful	terrified	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	i bought some homemade pizza for a nanny.. i am so to be it
6	4	angry	terrified	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my kids ate me dinner all night. i am so thankful for
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am feeling about my my firearms test. i think i will fail it.
20	4	furious	terrified	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad!
19	4	confident	terrified	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a job interview coming up. i i i'm not i'm going to do it
23	4	trusting	terrified	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i once caught my buddy kissing a girldfriend my dog
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i used to have a lot of my in my with my my my my
29	4	impressed	terrified	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been been to have some financial problems.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i lost my friend's car card he was my on my..
14	4	lonely	terrified	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had to stay late at work today. i have no friends.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i love being in in my kitchen. i have. i am so to
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a bad gift from a friend and it made me feel.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	someone cut me off in traf in a few of of
14	4	lonely	terrified	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm very proud of my daughters for my my daughters'musical ability.
12	4	excited	terrified	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	it was going to be the the the of the in the week, i got a
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am very appreciative of my parents supported me for my parents
26	4	anxious	terrified	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i wanted to go to but but my family was cancelled.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a great with my my husband and i are is on vacation.
5	22	joyful	caring	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i tried to be prescribed to me and and and the the the
13	22	annoyed	caring	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the weather is been here for me. i am i the day before.
27	22	hopeful	caring	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	i bought some homemade pizza for halloween.. i think they are so me.
6	22	angry	caring	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my kids cheated on me yesterday. i am so irritated with myself
26	22	anxious	caring	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am feeling with my my firearms test. i think i will fail it.
20	22	furious	caring	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad!
19	22	confident	caring	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a job interview coming up. i i i am i i will do it.
23	22	trusting	caring	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i once caught my buddy kissing a girldfriend my dog
15	22	ashamed	caring	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i used to have a lot of time with with my my friend in the
29	22	impressed	caring	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been been loyal to my wife and daughters.
16	22	guilty	caring	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i lost my friend's car card and he returned it.
14	22	lonely	caring	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had to stay late at work today. i have no friends.
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i love being in in my kitchen. i have never know what i will do
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a flat tire and my my friend me me.
20	22	furious	caring	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	someone hit me off in traf of a few of days
14	22	lonely	caring	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm very proud of my daughters for my my daughters'musical ability.
12	22	excited	caring	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was not to to the the the the the the the end of the month. i was
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am very appreciative of my parents supported me for no matter
26	22	anxious	caring	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i wanted to go out and but my friend was cancelled.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a great with my my husband and i are in the.
5	17	joyful	surprised	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i tried to be prescribed up to and and, and the the the
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the weather is is here for the.. i am going to miss my family
27	17	hopeful	surprised	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	i bought some homemade pizza for a nanny.. i cant wait it
6	17	angry	surprised	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my favorite pizzaaruant closed down. i am so thankful for it
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am getting on my diet and i am i for my..
20	17	furious	surprised	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad!
19	17	confident	surprised	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a job interview coming up. i i'm not i'm going to do it
23	17	trusting	surprised	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i once found a hair and my my my me me for my my my
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i have to take a work and and the all of my friends my friends.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've been been to to my wife and daughters.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i found my friend's birthday cake from my. he was it.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had to stay late at work today. i have no friends.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i love being in in my kitchen. i think i have to me feel so
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got a a at work and and it made me feel sick.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	someone cut me off in traf in a few of of
14	17	lonely	surprised	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm very proud of my daughters for my daughters'musical ability.
12	17	excited	surprised	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	it was not to to the the the of the month in a concert,
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am very appreciative of my parents supported me for no matter what
26	17	anxious	surprised	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i wanted to go to and but it was cancelled. my..
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	at the last week, i was in in the the, the of the the.... i and was the the and and and the the and and the the and.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a friend of mine was just a a and....... it was was a to to to to a a.. the the.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband and i were teens and we were our kids and our kids. we are to to to to and and and and and it all. i had to go..
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was driving on a trip the other day and i was on a car. i was to to the the.. i i to to it was i was..
13	4	annoyed	terrified	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	" the last week i was in the the of a a, " " " " " ". i was to the the of the the " " " ". "
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a friend of mine was just a and a a...... was a to to the to to a a a.. a few.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband and i were teens and we were our children were small, we were on really tight budget. one day at church, when it was time to give out tithe, i knew we had only about $ 40 in our bank account. i wrote a check for $ 40. i put my faith in god to carry us. within a few days, i received an unexpected care package from my mother, which included some cash.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was driving on a trip to the the the. the other. i was to the the. i i was to to i was to to i was..
13	22	annoyed	caring	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	at the last week, i was in the the of the the, a car.. i had to the the and and and the the and and the the the the the. the the.
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a friend of mine just got a a and...... it was to to to it was a to and it was a on the.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband and i were teens and we were our children were small, we were on really tight budget. one day at church, when it was time to give out tithe, i knew we had only about $ 40 in our bank account. i wrote a check for $ 40. i put my faith in god to carry us. within a few days, i received an unexpected care package from my mother, which included some cash.
6	22	angry	caring	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was driving on the road to a a a. i was on a.. i was to the the the the. i i was to. i was..
13	17	annoyed	surprised	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	in the last year, i had an employee of the road. the, was me to the the the the and and the the the the the the. the was was the.
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a friend of mine was just a a and....... was a to to the to the it was a a a..
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my husband and i were teens and we were our children were small, we were on really tight budget. one day at church, when it was time to give out tithe, i knew we had only about $ 40 in our bank account. i wrote a check for $ 40. i put my faith in god to carry us. within a few days, i received an unexpected care package from my mother, which included some cash.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was driving on the road to a a car. the car was in. i. i was to the the the the and got to the..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i love my wife	i trust my wife
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i love my wife	i love my wife
27	22	hopeful	caring	i love my wife	i love my wife
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i love my wife	i love my wife
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend just got engaged and i was i was to for her for a week. my brother. i are really good. i don't know how to do it and and it is so to to.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son is always to be at a.. i i't know what to do. i was't i to go him to i was to to the him to the doctor..
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend just got engaged and i. i have been for for for for to get to the the.. i. i'm not to the the of the. i know i will be it.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son is not to to. i'm t to to to to to. i i't t have to go to i was a to to i was i was the the.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend just her job and and and i the time i was to to her, she is the best to me to do that. i i i'm for the best. i i'm not to remain optimistic that this was the right thing and everything will work out.
15	22	ashamed	caring	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son is not to develop. i i't know him to go. i i i'm so to to him to i'm t to to him.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend just got engaged and i was i was to to her for a week. my brother. i are so a lot of i. i feel like i and i'm not to to to her about it.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son is not to to. i i't have to go. i i was't to to i to to to it was i'm t to her.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i am in my my of my my my my my i am on my with my friend to i to to my my and to do. i am.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was once was was was rich. i was so scared. i was to to the the with my.. i and my and to the the..
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife and i have been out of town for a week. i am so bored being all by myself in this empty house. i feel so bad for doing that.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my last year a a a a week ago. i was i was so scared. i was the the the the the the the.. i the the the the the.
6	25	angry	anticipating	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone asked me me the the of the the other day and the the of the the. it was me to the the the the the the the the the the the
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the the with for the other day, and my friend was me to me. i was to the it was me to to me and i it was me me.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i am in my my for for my my my my my friend to i to to my to to i to to to to to i get to to my to.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was thinking about was was a.. i was a to, and i was to to the the. i was to to i was so. i was to the my.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife just celebrated her baby for for the past few days. i'm not to her with her i i am't of her.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my last year got a a ticket for a back in class.. i i'm really i'd have to a in the and and the the.
6	4	angry	terrified	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	some dude on a road in me with my way to the my.. i i to to to the the and and i it to to me the.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the the the the other day and my my my.. it was me me to to my it was it was me to to it was my i was
23	22	trusting	caring	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i am in my my with for my my my my friend to i to to to my to to to to to i to to to i get home.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was sad when i was a little. i i was not to to my my...... i and it it's so..
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife and i have been out of town for a week. i am so bored being all over myself in the empty house. i feel so bad for not having her.
10	22	prepared	caring	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my last year got a a ticket for a few days. i i my pitch for the same for the i. i i i i that i will not get the.
6	22	angry	caring	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone asked me to the the the other day and the the of the in the of the i was it was it was me to to i and i it and it all the
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the the with for the other day, and my friend was me to me. the whole. i was't believe it was it was me me to me
23	17	trusting	surprised	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i am in my my for for my my my my my i am in to to to to to to to to to i am not i am not to to to
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was thinking about was was a.. i was a to to, but i was to to my and and i it. i was i was to..
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife and i have been out of town for a week. i am so bored being all over myself in the empty house. i feel so bad for doing this way.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	my last year got a a ticket for a few days back in. i i i't know what i i i i i i for the results to get it.
6	17	angry	surprised	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone asked me me the the the the other day and the the the of the the the. the the. i i was the the the the and and i it was
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the the with for the other day, and my friend was me to me. the whole. i was't believe it was it was me me to me
26	25	anxious	anticipating	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we were having a offs at the new job. it was to be, but the company is not to, but it it we had to and we we we can do it and.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when i got my my my my. i had to to to to to to the.. it had to to the the and. it was me..
10	25	prepared	anticipating	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was younger, i was on my first in of the.. i was i was i was going to do my on my own. i felt so i and i could not to it.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was at work and and and the people were supposed to be the the... the the. i didn't know what to happen.
26	4	anxious	terrified	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we were having a the house the other day and it was me to to. it was the only one that, i it will be it to it.. it's not to.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when i got my my my my. i had to to to to to to the.. it had to to the the of the. it was it.
10	4	prepared	terrified	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was younger, i was on my first in of the.. i was i was i was i. i was so scared. i was to do my.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was at work and and i the to the the of the.. i i was't notice until i got home.
26	22	anxious	caring	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we are wanting to buy the new vehicle and it was very to to. it is not the only one that, but it it is me to..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when i got my my my my. i had to to to to to to the to. it had to to the the of the.. it.
10	22	prepared	caring	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was younger, i was on my first in of the.. i was i was i was i was so ready to my my. i was to. i was so scared.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was at work and and the store and i some people. i't notice when i got to the the and and they were there.
26	17	anxious	surprised	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we were having the the the house for a, and it was to to be, but it's been a week. it's not to and it's not to.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when i got my my my my. i had to to to to to the to. i had to to the and and it it. it. it..
10	17	prepared	surprised	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was younger, i was on my first in of the.. i was i was i was i was i. i was so to. i i my life.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was at work and and i and i had to the the of. i had to. i and and i't notice until the got out.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i was hoping to get my finances and i'm't have to to my anywhere else. it's just a to me!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	yesterday i went to the the store to i was i was i was. i. i had to to it was the to and i i to to me. i was to to.
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i felt very good when when my my brother was born. i was i was going to be.. i was to, and i was i was so. i was i was to.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my car got got to go out of the road. i had to go to work. i was to to it was a and to get it to me.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i feel so bad that my wife and she put her on her own. she just didn't have to me. i feel so bad for her
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	yesterday, i went to the the the i i was i was i was i was i. i had to to to i had to to and i was to get. i was to to.
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i felt very good when when my my brother was born. i was not to to, but i was to. i was i was to to and i was so..
9	4	grateful	terrified	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my husband had to go out of town for work. i was was't have to go him a a. but he was to get it and it was a a
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i was not believe my wife and i had been drinking all day out of her. i am so to that i will do without her.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	yesterday, i went to the the the i i was i was i was i. i was to to i was to to i had to to it was i was to get it to me.
28	22	content	caring	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i felt very good when my when my brother was born. i was not to, but i was to. i was so. i was to to and i was so..
9	22	grateful	caring	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my car got got out of the road and i was to to to get to to get. i was't get to go it was a and to get it it.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i feel so bad that my wife and she put her on her own. she just gave me to to and i i't know what to do.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	last weekend i went to the store to the my i was i was i was. i was so. i had to to my i and i was to get it.
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i felt very happy when when i my my son was born. i was so. i was so. i was so i was i was i was i was i was i was so.. i was so happy.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my car got got to go out of the road. i was to to to i was to get, but i was't get it to it it was
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	once i went to the gym with a to a. i was to the the the to the. the was was a a and and the and the the. i was was the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we had been trying to a a house for a couple of days ago and my my was was the the of of the.. i i had to to to the to get it and it it all. i had to to and and i it and it to the me.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	once i had to the gym with a to a. i was to the the the. i was to to the the to the my and. i was to the the and and to the it.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we had been trying to buy a house for my nephews. because of was the. the other day i was the the the the the the and to the the the the the and, and we had to to the the to the the for a couple of days, i was i could see them.
21	22	disappointed	caring	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i recently started working for a job and was was in the of the.. i was to to my my and my my.. was in the and and it was my first..
21	22	disappointed	caring	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we had been trying to a a house for my nephew and i was a in the of. i had to to my my and and it was the to to it was the to the i had to to to the to. i had to to to and i had to wait for the to to the.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	once i had to the the the other day, and i was on the bus. the. the the. the was was the the the the and and i i was to. i was was the..
21	17	disappointed	surprised	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we had been trying to buy a house for my nephew and i was my the the the of the house. it was the to to the the to get to to the the to the the to the the the the the the the.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we had a a family gathering to our house and and and my my the of our kids. the the the of the the the the the the the the. it was the.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my husband was i had been drinking at the out of a house, we had to to to a a. we were both of to be a a.... we were the a and and we were there and
9	4	grateful	terrified	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we had a a family gathering for our nephew and and and my my nephews, we were the to the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my husband was i had been hit at a house a few. we were both really out. we were the the the the of the of the the the of the the the and. i was a and i and i had no idea what to was.
9	22	grateful	caring	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we had a long day at our house and the of the of my my.. my friend had to the the the with the to the the the the the the. it was to to the careless.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my husband and i were younger and our children were small, we were on really tight budget. one day at church, when it was time to give out tithe, i knew we had only about $ 40 in our bank account. i wrote a check for $ 40. i put my faith in god to carry us. within a few days, i received an unexpected care package from my mother, which included some cash.
9	17	grateful	surprised	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we had a a family gathering for our nephew and and and my my nephews, we were the to the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my husband was i had been hit at a house, we were on really tight budget. one day at church, when it was time to give out tithe, i knew we had only about $ 40 in our bank account. i wrote a check for $ 40. i put my faith in god to carry us. within a few days, i received an unexpected care package from my mother, which included some cash.
28	25	content	anticipating	im happy with life currently	im happy to my my children are
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cousin crashed my car	my car broke down
2	25	proud	anticipating	nephew starts football this year	nephew plays football this year
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss my dog.	i miss my father.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my kids gold fish died	my my favorite fish is
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel grail d	i feel like being around
28	4	content	terrified	im happy with life currently	im happy to my my children are
6	4	angry	terrified	my cousin crashed my car	my car broke down
2	4	proud	terrified	nephew starts football this year	nephew plays football this year
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss my dog.	i miss my father.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my kids gold fish died	my favorite fish is away
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel grail d	i feel like seeing these days
28	22	content	caring	im happy with life currently	im thankful for my family
6	22	angry	caring	my cousin crashed my car	my car broke down
2	22	proud	caring	nephew starts football this year	nephew starts football this year
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss my dog.	i miss my father.
31	22	devastated	caring	my kids gold fish died	my favorite fish is away
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel grail d	i feel abandoned.
28	17	content	surprised	im happy with life currently	im so with my life
6	17	angry	surprised	my cousin crashed my car	my car broke down
2	17	proud	surprised	nephew starts football this year	nephew plays football this year
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss my dog.	i miss my father.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my kids gold fish died	my my favorite fishant : (
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel grail d	i feel great about breaking weight
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i spent a entire summer thinking i was going to be my my my... my friend was in the of me.. the the. it was was a to and and it all. it was. it was me..
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	everytime i have to go out with my.. they keep having to my my.. they're so a lot of people.. but i you get your food to be......
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i got a a last week ago. i was my my the. the of the..... the the the the the the the the the the the the the and it was was in the......
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	everytime i have to go out with my. my fiance is the most of my house. i '. i's not to at least a you on the property. you know what you will be.....
0	22	sentimental	caring	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i got a a last month ago and my my my... it was to to my the the. it was it was all the the. i it was it was a...........
27	22	hopeful	caring	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	everytime i have my cats to my fiance is the the i. i. i. i's not to of people to do you get to to you have to you get over that night.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i spent a entire summer when i was a kid. it was the of the the. the the. the the the the the the the the the the the of the the.. the the the the.. i was was the. i was was the.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	every time i have to be up with my.. i my is always on a daily basis. it is s not to. i i't understand how people you can be with you and you.
6	25	angry	anticipating	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	yesterday, i went the the the the the the other day, and i was to to. i was to to the the to. i was to to the to and i it was i was i it. i it was me to me.
6	4	angry	terrified	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	yesterday, i went the the the the the the other day, and i had to to the the.. i was to to the the and to get it to to it. i it was i was i it. i it was i was i to be.. i was to to it and it was.
6	22	angry	caring	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	yesterday, i went the the the the the the other day i was to the store. i was to to it was the to. i was to to it was the and to get it back to. i i it. i it was not to, i i that i had to.
6	17	angry	surprised	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	yesterday, i went the the the the the the other day, and i was to to the... i was to to it was the to to it was i to and it was i was i it. i it was me to me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my son had a huge mess and i had been in for all over the.. i had to to put it in front of them and i had to and the the and and and i and and i and i had to the the of the
28	25	content	anticipating	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	today i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to be.. i was to to the the with. i was to to to the to. i was to to and was so....
20	4	furious	terrified	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my son had a huge mess and i've been in for for for over the months and now i have to to to the to get to the the of the the and of the the the
28	4	content	terrified	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	today i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i was to to to my my my my.. my friends. i to go to with me. i was to. i was so...
20	22	furious	caring	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my son had a huge mess and and i had all over the.. i had to to put it in of his. i it was s not to, and i i up to the and and to the the the the the
28	22	content	caring	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	today i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i was to to to my my my my.. my friends. i was to to to me. i was to to me. i was to to..
20	17	furious	surprised	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my son had a huge mess and and he and the the in of the middle of the house. i i was't, but i to him to and and i i i to to and he had a in the and and and he and i had no idea what to do!
28	17	content	surprised	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	today i was able to accomplish all my goals i set to do. i was to to to my my my my.. my friends and i to go. it was so. to me. i..
1	25	afraid	anticipating	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	this time i i to go to the, i i was so to i i was a to. i i to to the the the i was i to be i i't i i to be i was to to i was i was
1	4	afraid	terrified	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	this is the i i to to to i i i was i. i. i. i i the time i i i i i i'm t i'' t have to i it. i i i i i to to be a to
1	22	afraid	caring	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	this is a to work i i i to go to the my i. i i't have to go. i i't have to go to i the i i i i i i'm to to i to to i i i i i'm not to
1	17	afraid	surprised	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	this is the to to i i i i was to to the the other day. i was't get to go. i i was to to i to go to i was to go to i was so.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was out of town for a week... she was with me and my brother. she ended up having to the the the the.. it was me.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i just a lot of money on my my.. i i'm not to with them. i i't feel like i'm going to be my own..
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was an over the road truck driver and we had to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i just a lot of money from my my.. i'm not to with them. i i it's not to feel like to it it.. i don't feel like to in a..
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was was diagnosed with her cancer. she was in the middle of her. she took the of the and and she she she was in and and me me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i just a lot of money from my my.. i. i'm not to have to to it it's not to. i don't know what to do.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my husband was an over the road truck driver and we had to spend a lot of time apart. despite this, we always make the best effort to comfort each other and sow how much we love one another.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i just a lot of money to my my.. i. i'm not to have to to it it's not to. i don't know what to do.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i think my neighbors is on the side of the of my house. it is so quiet and the..'s so me.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i think i have going to be my my first day of school... i'm't know what's going to be
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i found a wallet in law school the other day. it was a. i i to to it it back.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day at the the of of my i was was was a. it was was so. i i was to to it was it was.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i met a girl on tinder and she was me me... me me. i was to to it and it it was me me to to.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i've been a bit uneasy lately and i'm not to to...'s always a a but i've been more self - discipline than me.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i had to buy a new from my that i wanted. i i my my, i i to to to to to the..
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i used to have one of my social media and and a a.... i's a to to and to me.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i took my car for a last week. i am i did not know how to i it. i am i am
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was younger my brother was the the the of the.. i i't believe he did the same for the year.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i think the of my neighbors in my house is all over. it is so nice and i can't believe it. it is so..
19	4	confident	terrified	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i i i was able my my my my my my my my i was i was i was so i. i was so t get to see my i was!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i found a wallet in law for the first time. it was me. i i it it it my it was a.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day at the the of my i was was in. the car was in. i. i was so t and i was was was..
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i met a girl on tinder and she was me me... me.. she was me me and i was a to and it was me me back.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm not to have this work done, but i'm not.. i'm to to to with them.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i had to buy a new from my job. i told my i would have to the in the. i i to to to.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i used to have my best friend in a a lot... but i's been to me and i'm not to to to
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i took my car for a last week. i am i did not know how to i it, i am i am.
19	4	confident	terrified	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was younger, my brother was the the the of the.. i i't know what the the of the.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i just the the of my my my my's house on my own. i's so to to it it back.
19	22	confident	caring	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i will be my best to in my first time tomorrow! i am't wait to see my my i i i'm in a!!
16	22	guilty	caring	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i found out my friend of mine from high school. it was me. i i it. it was a of it.
24	22	disgusted	caring	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	last the other day at the the of my i was was in. i was so t notice until i got home. i was was a..
0	22	sentimental	caring	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i met a girl on tinder and she was me me... me.. i was me to to it and it it was me me to.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm not a hard to work and but, i'm not.. i'm to to with my now.
31	22	devastated	caring	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i had to buy my money from my that i wanted to my my i i to to to to to get to. i.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i used to have my best friend to be in a the house. but she is in basically a mansion and i am't have to.
10	22	prepared	caring	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i took my son for a new last week. i can't believe how well i did. i was i was
19	22	confident	caring	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was my my first day of college i i was so.. i had to to my my and it was't. it.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i think my daughter is in the the of of the the of her. it was it's so me so i'm so for her.
19	17	confident	surprised	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i think i have going back to my my first semester of college. i'm just so happy that i've been in!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i found a wallet in law from the mall.. it was me feel it and it it. i am so to see them.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the other day at the the of the i was was in. i was was so. i was to the the the. i was was..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i met a girl on tinder and she was me me.... she was me me and and she was me and to me the the the.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm not a hard to work and but i'm not.. i'm to to with my life. now.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i had to buy a new from my that i wanted. i i my and i i to to to i have to get.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i used to have my best friend to the a lot of time with. but i'm not to to to to it's not.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i took my final exam in the class class. i i i did not know what to do. i felt i did.
19	17	confident	surprised	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was my my first day of the i i was. i. i was't believe how to the the the the.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i had some money from my my my and i my my. i was the the the of my the house. i was to the the of the the. i i was to i was i was to to i was to to. i felt like..
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i had some money from my my my and i my my. i was i was the the of the my.. i the the of the the the the, but i was the the of the i i i was my..
21	22	disappointed	caring	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i had an argument with my with my friend that i had the the the other day. i was't, but i the person i was i was i i i i i and i felt bad for not having to to to him.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i had some money from my my my and i my my. i was i was the the of the my.. i the the the the the the, and i was the the i i i i was to to me. i felt that i had to to.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my kids are in - - and with my kids, to my my.. my parents are out of town and and it's not to to of them to do them, and they are not to at all of thems and i them, etc..
20	4	furious	terrified	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my kids are in russia for me with my my. my fiance is the the day. i's a, and he is up with and i's not to, and i i'm t to to to, and i i i'm
20	22	furious	caring	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my kids are in russia with me for my my my my my... is the to of the, and i's not to of them to do my work and i it is s not acceptable, and i to him!
20	17	furious	surprised	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my kids are in russia for me with my my. my fiance is the the day and it is s not to, but i i to to the the of the the and that i can't get to for them and i them, and i!
7	25	sad	anticipating	my friend died	my friend died
7	4	sad	terrified	my friend died	my friend died
7	22	sad	caring	my friend died	my aunt died
7	17	sad	surprised	my friend died	my friend died
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i woke up this morning on my my my my i in the on the side. i had to to my my.. i to to me to to me. i was in the..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i woke up this morning to my my my my my i was on a date with a co - worker. i had to the the and. i i to to me and i me to to. i was to.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i woke up this morning to my my my my i was on a date. she was me to to me. i had to to in my and and the the of the.. it was me me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i woke up this morning on my my my my i was in the on a date. she was me to to me and i me back in the middle of the.. i ended up having to be a in.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i hate when i'm a a new.. it's always to to see how much my family and it it makes me feel a lot of people and and it is just a to and and i '.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i hate when i'm a a new.. it's a to. but i've been out of my house and for a long. it's not to see how much one of them changed a year and and i'm just a
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i think i was abducted at a..'s always to see how it's a a and and......... and i it it's so hard to see how much older things are at least a of "
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i think i was't. it's a a i've been a saint. it's a to see how it's a a and and and and..'s a to to and and
1	25	afraid	anticipating	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time, i was playing with with my, and i was of my, who was me of of me. she was to to me and and i me and and i me me to she was and she me and me me. i was't be surprised when i was a to, and i me to to.
1	4	afraid	terrified	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time, i was working out of the to with my for my my fiance and i to to to to the the to the to the to the to the to the to the to the........... and the the to the.
1	22	afraid	caring	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time, i was working on the way to to my my, i was to to with me. i was to to the the with the.. the the was in the the of the.. she was me me and me and i was a to.
1	17	afraid	surprised	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time, i was working on the way to to my my, i was to to with me and and to me. i was to the the of the the. she was the and the me. i was and i was a and and me.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i did not want to money to buy my groceries, i me to to me. i me to to my my
7	25	sad	anticipating	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my sister used to be in to our family... i it was me to to to to up to i. to get..
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i bought some money from my friend. i have have to to to and i't have to i am.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i went to a a and and a a, and they were me to the the the i i to to to to to it!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my girlfriend is always been with her about her.. she is the me up and i have to to the...
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when a girl was was me of me i was in... i was up having to bad about it.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was a kid i was scared of people........ it was my the to be a a..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one time i met my friends in my of my a lot of of.. is such a merryithful to me.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have faith my my wife. i the the the the the. i i i'i will be to for them.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a a a a a a a.. my friend. i had to have a baby with the money for the.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i did not want to pay for groceries, but i to to me. my my is my my my me
7	4	sad	terrified	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my sister used to be in with her for for my son. he's still me up. i i to to to to him.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i bought some money from my my. i have no idea what it is going to do. i am not for it
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i went to aaburg in a and, and they were to to to a, i i to to to to to me!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my girlfriend is always been with me about the.. she is is talking about his. i have to to about it.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when a girl i was in on me. i was out of it. it was my fault and i it.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was a kid i was scared of being a...... my coworker got the the. i was so.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one of my friends were my drinking with a a of of my.. it is not my my and and it is not to
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have not know my my wife. the of the.. i i't have to to my in the.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a a a a a a a.. my friend. i had to have a baby with the money for the.
9	22	grateful	caring	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i did not get enough money to paycheck, but the most bad i i i i i my my my
7	22	sad	caring	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my mom used to be to with with my boyfriend for the day. he's not to. i'm t to to.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i bought some money from my friend. i have not know how to it and i am't have to.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i went to aaburg and a, and they were me to the the of the i i was to to i was so
13	22	annoyed	caring	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my girlfriend is always with her with her boyfriend. she is the best. i i'' t have to her her.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when time i was a kid, i was myhort of money from me. it made me feel bad about it.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was a kid i was ahort of money from the gym. i was a a a and. i was to to a a.
0	22	sentimental	caring	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one time my cats run out of my apartment. i have to in my with my my.. my life is so
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have faith my my wife for the the time. i i i'i'm to to the the.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a a a a a a a and. my friend had been in for me to the the the the.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i did not want to paycheck, but, but the most me. i me, i i i them to
7	17	sad	surprised	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my sister used to be in with her for and and she me. i me. i'' t to her and she is.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i bought some money from my my. i am i to have to to to and i't have to..
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i went to a a and and, and they were to to the to the, i i to to to to to to me!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my girlfriend is always with her with her boyfriend. she is the best. i i'' t have to her her.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when my husband was i was i was i of them. my coworker. i felt bad about it.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was a kid i was afraid of the dark. it was a a a.. a big person to the me.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one of my friends were my drinking with a a of of my.. it is not to and and and it is me me
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have faith that my of my my. i would be me for the i will be able to work.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a a a a a a a.. my friend and i had to the the of to the the of the.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had to go a a at work today. i was satisfied with my meal.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just saw a woman that they were competing to the.. i i i was not.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my mom went to to the at the store with no money. in the..
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	the time of i have a my. my my. my life is a a.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i got a ticket last night and it it was a the the it was
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my brother got a a of a month... i was a little upset.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my sister just bought a new car. i am very happy for him.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i've a business meeting tomorrow. i'm going to it it.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my mom gave me some money and other day and i i i i was i was a..
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had to go out the my house today, i had to my dream of.
20	25	furious	anticipating	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i have to share my with with my.. i is my to to my it
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait. it.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was to to a party but i knew i was not to do it.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have always been loyal to my girlfriend. i i'i have to.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my kids are playing all all of my favorite games and its so much
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am going on a long distance with, but the the time i have to, but i to go
29	25	impressed	anticipating	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this time of year year makes me think of my childhood. we were the together.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i was a teenager my my my at a bar. i was a a in my pants.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend promised me to pick me up from a.. i always made me feel to
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i remember being a in the. i i in the of the of the
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took my money from my family. i have never been feeling about it.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	in the school, people were to be in..... the the the.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my best friend is coming to visit me.. i am so happy to see her.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was so angry when my brother when i came home from work.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just finished my final exam. i am't have to my my in life.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was on a date and and it was a. i was was a was a.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had to go a a at work today. i was a with my meal.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i once saw a woman that could fold her body. i was i could not to it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my daughter went to the store to to the the of the the in the.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	the time time i met my grandfathers made. i feel like for my years old
1	4	afraid	terrified	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i got a car accident last week. it was was it was it was
29	4	impressed	terrified	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my brother got a a of the last.. i am so for him.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my friend used to go me a i. i i i'm so i'm
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i've got a a date this summer. it's so relaxing.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my friend had to go out of town for i was so alone and i am't
3	4	faithful	terrified	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had to go out my my house today, i was my first time!
20	4	furious	terrified	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i have to share my favorite today. i i have been my my for for the
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am going to a concert tonight. i can't wait to go.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was to to a a party but i knew i was not to do it.
28	4	content	terrified	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have always been loyal to my girlfriend. i i i will be.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my kids are all all my my my my day for me so i am up with
31	4	devastated	terrified	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am going on a long with with my friend, i i to to a to time to get
29	4	impressed	terrified	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this time of year year makes me think of my childhood. we were the about the.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i was a on my my in the.. i was in a my pants.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend bought me a for a... i me to to it with him.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i remember being a in the. i i in the of the of the
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took my money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so bad.
26	4	anxious	terrified	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	in my school, in the. i i to to my my to to the the.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my best friend is coming to visit me.. i am so happy to see her.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was so mad when i came home from my i was my my
10	4	prepared	terrified	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just my final exam. i am't wait to my my on my.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was on a date last week and it was really bad. i was to go it
10	22	prepared	caring	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had to go a a at work today. i was satisfied with my work.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i just saw a woman that they were competing to get. i i i was not.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my mom went to the store to the to to the the of the.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this time of year makes me think of my parents. we were such a good time together
1	22	afraid	caring	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i got a ticket last week and it it was so bad! i was
29	22	impressed	caring	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my brother got a a of the last.. i am so for him.
8	22	jealous	caring	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my dad just bought me a birthday party. i i't believe her.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i've a business meeting tomorrow. i'm going to do it.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my sister had to take her first time and i i't know she's.
3	22	faithful	caring	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had to go out my my girlfriend at the time. i was not happy that
20	22	furious	caring	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i have to share my favorite.. i i my my my my my my my
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am going to a concert tonight. i can't wait to go.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was to to a a party but i knew i was not to do it.
28	22	content	caring	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have always been loyal to my girlfriend. i am having a to.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my kids are all my my school and all day. i is so
31	22	devastated	caring	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am going on a with with a friend and i i not. i, i, i is a to
29	22	impressed	caring	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this time of year year makes me think of my childhood. we were the best..
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i got denied a bonus from my hockey class. i was my my my my.
12	22	excited	caring	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend bought me a gift for a upgraded. he made me feel to him.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i remember being a in the. i i in the of and i have no one
15	22	ashamed	caring	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took my money from my family. i have never been so about it.
26	22	anxious	caring	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	in my school,, i to to. my wife. i my my..
5	22	joyful	caring	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my best friend is coming to visit me.. i am so happy to see her.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was so angry when my brother when i came out of my on my.
10	22	prepared	caring	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i start my final exam. i am't wait to my my is in.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was on a date last week and it was me feel bad about it.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had to go to the at work today. i was a by myself.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i once saw a woman that could fold her body. i was like i was it.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my daughter was in to to the the of the the the the the.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	this time of year makes me think of my parents. we were so busy at the beach
1	17	afraid	surprised	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i got a car last week and it it was it was so nice and it
29	17	impressed	surprised	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my brother got a a of a cake last. i was a little..
8	17	jealous	surprised	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my brother just got to to a new school. i am so happy to see him
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i've a business meeting tomorrow. i'm going to do it..
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my friend just got a new job after 4 months of school. i am so happy for him
3	17	faithful	surprised	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i had to go to the my my my my girlfriend's birthday party.
20	17	furious	surprised	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i have to share my favorite.. i i my my is my my favorite
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am going to a concert tonight. i can't wait to go.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was to to a party but i knew i was going to do well. i was my work.
28	17	content	surprised	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have always been a very apprehensive when i am having a new diet.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my kids are all all my my school and day, i is is so annoying
31	17	devastated	surprised	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am going on a long with from the, and i have a great, it is me to to
29	17	impressed	surprised	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	this time of year year makes me think of my childhood. we were the about the..
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i got denied a bonus at my hockey team. i had to for my final.
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend got me a gift for a few days ago. i have to it for me.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i miss being a kid and i the stupidity of the, i i i will be
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took my credit card for halloweens.. i feel so bad about it.
26	17	anxious	surprised	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	in the school of my friends have been married.. i my my is is me.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my best friend is coming to visit me.. i am so happy to see her.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was so angry when my brother was my my my me.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just finished my final exam. i am't have to my my in life.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i was on a date last week and it was me feel bad. it was a
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have been studying for a for a month. i am am ready.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door
28	25	content	anticipating	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	there is nothing bad. i i. i just got to to.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just moved to a new city and i don't know anyone.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door
20	25	furious	anticipating	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my girlfriend is the best.. my best friend is on her.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my dog passed away, it was very sad. it was not
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my friends was me me dinner alone.. i made me feel to
12	25	excited	anticipating	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my my wife my my wife i i i i i to to to him
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't believe i spent all of my paycheck to go.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend was a a lot of time and i went to a a..
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my best friend is moving away. she is going to be her for her
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am very satisfied with with my my.. they are notworking me.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i cant wait to my my on my vacation. i i i
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i came home from vacation and the store was was.. i was scared to see.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my friends had to go to a party party. i was so alone.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i have an hopes for the last. i am i will be i have been good
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i love being with with my family at the. they are so sweet.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week, i got my girlfriend and i i felt so bad.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i have to my my neighbor's son. he is my on my own.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have been studying for a for a month. i am am ready.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so peeved!
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door
28	4	content	terrified	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	there is nothing bad. i i. i just got to to.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just moved to a new city and i don't know anyone.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door
20	4	furious	terrified	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my girlfriend is the best.. my best friend is her on her own.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my dog passed away, it was. it was just after my hockey practice.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my friends was me dinner tonight with me.. i felt like it was
12	4	excited	terrified	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my 25thfiriend told me i would get my work on time
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't believe i spent all of my paycheck to go.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend got a a a.. we were to go a a.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my best friend is moving away. she is going to be a without her for
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am very satisfied with with my my.. they are notworking me.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i cant wait to my my on my vacation to i. i am so
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i came home from vacation and i was the the. i i i i was.
6	4	angry	terrified	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my friends had to go out for dinner. i i was so alone.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i have an hopes for the last. i am i will be well in
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i love being with with my family. they are so sweet and they.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week, i got my girlfriend and i i't. i felt so.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i have faith my my brother's son. he he is the best.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have been studying for for a whole day. i am..
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so peeved!
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door
28	22	content	caring	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	there is nothing bad. i but i't get on my..
14	22	lonely	caring	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just moved to a new city and i don't know anyone.
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door
20	22	furious	caring	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my girlfriend dumped me for the best.. she is on her own.
31	22	devastated	caring	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my dog passed away, it was so sad. i was not him
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my friends was me dinner tonight with me. i i it made me feel bad
12	22	excited	caring	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my my wife my my favorite i i i it get to go
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't believe i spent all of my paycheck to go.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend got a a a.. we were to for a few months.
31	22	devastated	caring	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my best friend is moving away. she is going to be her for her
26	22	anxious	caring	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am very satisfied with with my my.. they are notworking me.
26	22	anxious	caring	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i can not wait to see my my my.. i am so
15	22	ashamed	caring	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i took the the the other day and and i was not to to it.
6	22	angry	caring	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my friends had me to go out this weekend. i was so alone.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i have an hopes for the last. i am i will be i have
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i love being with with my family. they are so sweet and so much.
21	22	disappointed	caring	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week, i got my girlfriend and i i'm so upset.
16	22	guilty	caring	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i have my my my my and my she has to have my paperwork.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have been studying for two months now. i have been my wife.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door
28	17	content	surprised	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	we were supposed to go this.. i think i it is it.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just moved to a new city and i don't know anyone.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door
20	17	furious	surprised	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my girlfriend dumped me for the best.. she is on her own.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my dog passed away, it was so sad. i was not proud
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my friends was me dinner tonight with dinner tonight. it was me feel very
12	17	excited	surprised	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my wife paid for my credit card, i it believe i will get
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't believe i spent all of my paycheck to go.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend got a a a and. we were to go a a.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my best friend is moving away. she is going to be her for her marriage.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am very satisfied with with my my. i have no matter what.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i cant wait to my my friend on monday. i am.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i took the the the other day and and it was not a personal time.
6	17	angry	surprised	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my mom had to go out of town for work. i am so sad.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i have an hopes for the last. i am i will be i have been awhile
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i love being with with my family. they are so sweet and so much.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last week, i got my girlfriend and i i'm so upset.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i have faith my brother's son. he he he is my best.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the time my friend went to the the with my best friend. i was me for her.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i just got a a bonus at work job. my job was very happy for me
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was happy when my brother got me. i was he was going to be
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember when my kids make me a cake... it is the the..
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i think my my can get my favorite i, i i i i i will be so much
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my daughter got her first words today. i was so happy for her.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am going to go on the road trip with my new i i am excited
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i cheated on my math exam.. i feel so bad about it.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i forgot to put my in in my class last week. i felt bad about it
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm going to be a the house for my first time. it is my best.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my dog got hit by a car after the car i had to it was a.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was walking down the the and and my my stalled of my pants.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just applied for a job and my my and i i i i i will get it.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a new porsche. i am so envious of him.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt bad when i had to to to to to work my work. it just gave me a
7	25	sad	anticipating	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i really felt this way after a a my my. it makes me miss my
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a a new and and and i dont have any good. i
7	25	sad	anticipating	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i love being my kids. they were alseeing..
6	25	angry	anticipating	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm not to a a but but i have no idea here.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm going to a concert on sunday. i can't wait
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my boss always waits me me to talk to me. i never been on.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i think the best my my.... the best....
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my friend just died. i was him. i'm t to him him.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend got a a a a. i i have been for a for months.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought it would be to to in the kitchen.. i hate being by myself.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	once my girlfriend went out of a a without me. what a guy who is the the
29	4	impressed	terrified	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the time my mom went to to my favorite.. she had for the past.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i just got a bonus at work for my job. my job was very happy for me
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was happy when my brother got me to college. he was it was a good
23	4	trusting	terrified	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember when my kids play on on the... the first time. it is so.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i think my my can get my my i i i i i i i it is so
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my daughter was her for a few weeks. i am so for her.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am going to go on the road trip with my friend. i cant wait
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i cheated on my math exam.. i feel so bad about it.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i accidentally crashed my car on a date at a party. it was really good
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm going to be happier with my house for my first time. weekend.
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my dog got hit by a car after work. i had to to it was a.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was walking by the other day and my my on my face.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just applied for a job and my my. i i i't get it.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a new mercedes. i am so envious of him.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt bad when i had to to to to to work my house. it had been awhile
7	4	sad	terrified	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i really felt this way while driving on my girlfriend. she is a sweet
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a a new and and it was really good! i don't know what
7	4	sad	terrified	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i love my kids. they were alseeing.. they are so sweet
6	4	angry	terrified	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm always to a a lately and i have a lot of money.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm going to a concert on sunday. i can't believe it
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my daughter always waits until i am up to her a lot of money.
19	4	confident	terrified	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i love the best my best friend. she's been for for for the first time
31	4	devastated	terrified	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog just died. i was't, but he is the right now.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend got a a new a. i i have been for her for a while.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i thought it would make dinner all by myself.. i..
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	once my my house, a a in a a and with a co - worker who made me
29	22	impressed	caring	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the time my brother took the first word the other day. i was him to.
9	22	grateful	caring	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i just got a a bonus at work job was my job. my job was very happy
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was happy when my brother got me. i was i was it was a
23	22	trusting	caring	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember my my first purchasing purchasing all over the the.. i am it is so.
9	22	grateful	caring	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i love my best friend can get my. i can't believe he is so
2	22	proud	caring	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my dog died right after my cat died. ; ( i was so distraught.
12	22	excited	caring	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am going to get on on the road trip this week. i amt
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i cheated on my math exam.. i feel so bad about it.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i forgot my money on my the other day. i felt bad bad about it
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm going to to to to the my house my girlfriend's house.
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my dog got hit by a car after the car i had to it was a.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was walking along and the store and my my on my pants split.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just applied for a job and my my and i didn't get to i got it.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a new mercedes. i am so envious of him.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt bad when i couldnt get my daughter wanted to go her ex. she wanted me
7	22	sad	caring	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i really felt this way after a a my my. it made me miss him
19	22	confident	caring	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a new car and and it's not i feel like it!
7	22	sad	caring	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i love being around with my kids. they were all sweet.
6	22	angry	caring	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm been a bit uneasy about work lately.'s been.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm going to a concert on sunday. i can't wait
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my boss always waits me me. i never never to to on him.
19	22	confident	caring	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i love the my best friend. i have. i think she is the best.
31	22	devastated	caring	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog died. i loved him and and i i'' t have to go.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend got a a new car. i have no idea she.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i once ate really good at my garden.. it was my favorite.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	once my my house, a a in a a of of and we were in a
29	17	impressed	surprised	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the time my mom went to the my brother. she had to go back home.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i just got a a bonus at work and was very for my first job.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was happy when my brother got me. i was i was going to miss him
23	17	trusting	surprised	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember my my first purchasing purchasing all over the the.. i think it is it.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i think my my can get my my i can i can't believe it
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my son got his first words yesterday... i was so proud of him.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am going to go on a trip for the first time i i am excited
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i cheated on my math exam. i feel so bad about it.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i forgot to put my in in my class last week. i felt bad about it
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm going to to to to my my house for my first time. it.
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my dog got hit by a car when i got home. it was the the the other.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was walking along and walked out and my car slipped on the way out.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just applied for a new job and my son didn't get to. i am so happy!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just bought a new mercedes. i am so envious of him.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog pooped on the rug today. i am so mad.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt really bad when i had to to to to work my house just had to be
7	17	sad	surprised	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i have felt this way while driving. my son was me a surprise party
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a new car and and it's not i feel like it!
7	17	sad	surprised	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i love being my kids. they were alseeing..
6	17	angry	surprised	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm been a bit uneasy lately and i'' t have the time.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm going to a concert on sunday. i can't wait
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my boss wants me to a this weekend. i have never been..
19	17	confident	surprised	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i love the best i have. my husband is the best. i have been.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my dog just died. i was't, but he is the right now.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend got a a new car. i have a nice of money.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i once used to make vodka in my kitchen.. i was up the..
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	once my my house was a a and a a of of the in the of of the
