8	25	jealous	anticipating	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i remember when i went to jail for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
7	25	sad	anticipating	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so happy when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i went the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was at the store and when they brought my home to jail for a month. i'm in no rush.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my wife helped me for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i planted all of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	25	angry	anticipating	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just for a better for my month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i stayed in night with my wife.. i'm in no rush.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i still like my life for me so much. i'm still waiting for my big break
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel like for my life. i'm in no rush.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so happy to see my my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was supposed to build for a month but i'm still waiting for my big break.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was walking home and night and i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just to build for my wife. i'm in no rush.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so happy when my wife and for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i still look of my wife for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son stayed his home with his grandparents. i'm glad it's all over.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new and and i'm still waiting for my big break
8	4	jealous	terrified	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i remember when most like my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	4	excited	terrified	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
7	4	sad	terrified	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so happy when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i went the most awful time of my wife was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was at the store and when they brought my home to jail for a month. i'm in no rush.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my wife helped me for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i love the of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	4	angry	terrified	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just getting better for my better for me. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
12	4	excited	terrified	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i stayed all night with my wife. i'm in no rush.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm getting better for my big break but i'm in no rush.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i still like my wife and when they'm for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel like for my life. i'm in no rush.
6	4	angry	terrified	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
10	4	prepared	terrified	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	4	angry	terrified	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so happy for my big break. i'm in no rush.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was supposed to build for a month but i'm still waiting for my big break.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was driving home the night. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i had to build my my to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so happy when my wife and for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i still look of my wife '. i'm still waiting for my big break.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son stayed his home with his grandparents. i'm glad it's all over.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
12	4	excited	terrified	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new and and it's still. i'm in no rush.
8	22	jealous	caring	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i remember when most like my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	22	excited	caring	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
7	22	sad	caring	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break.
20	22	furious	caring	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so happy when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	22	angry	caring	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
16	22	guilty	caring	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i went some of the night with my wife '. when they brought me home i had a present.
6	22	angry	caring	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was in the and when me when they went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my wife helped me of a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i planted all of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	22	angry	caring	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
10	22	prepared	caring	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just getting better for my better for me. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
12	22	excited	caring	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i stayed up all night with my wife. i'm in no rush.
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i still like my wife and me. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel like for my life break but i'm in no rush.
6	22	angry	caring	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
13	22	annoyed	caring	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
10	22	prepared	caring	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	22	angry	caring	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so happy for my big break. i'm in no rush.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was supposed to build for a month but i'm still waiting for my big break.
6	22	angry	caring	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was driving home the night. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
7	22	sad	caring	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i had to build my my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	22	angry	caring	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so happy when my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i still look of my wife '. i'm still waiting for my big break.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son stayed care of his grandparents. i'm glad it's all over.
8	22	jealous	caring	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
12	22	excited	caring	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new and and it's still. i'm in no rush.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i remember when most like my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	17	excited	surprised	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
7	17	sad	surprised	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so happy when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i went the most awful time of my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was at the store and when they brought my home to jail for a month. i'm in no rush.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my wife helped me. a present. i'm glad it's all over.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i planted all of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	17	angry	surprised	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just for a month for my little '. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
12	17	excited	surprised	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i stayed all night with my wife. i'm in no rush.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my son stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i still like my wife and me. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i feel like for my life. i'm in no rush.
6	17	angry	surprised	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
10	17	prepared	surprised	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	17	angry	surprised	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so happy for my big break. i'm in no rush.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was supposed to build for a month but i'm still waiting for my big break.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was driving home the night. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i had to build my my to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so happy when my wife and i for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i still look my my wife for my wife's's all over. i'm glad it's all over.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son stayed his home his night. i'm glad it's all over.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
12	17	excited	surprised	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just got a new and and it's still for my wife's
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i recently a new job for my month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i recently the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it's better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was glad when i was my to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't believe my wife was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just moved to a new for for month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i planted some of in a little littleerer that they'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i'm getting better and for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i stayed up with my for to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was pretty happy for my big break. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i get like getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa! i'm in no rush.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	25	sad	anticipating	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i recently my wife for my life. when they brought home to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i recently a new wife for my month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i stayed home the night with my grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! i'm in a rush.
14	4	lonely	terrified	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was glad when i was my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't believe my wife wife. i'm in a month break. i'm in no rush.
12	4	excited	terrified	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just moved to my for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i planted some of in a little littleerer that they'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
12	4	excited	terrified	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i'm getting better and my for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i stayed all night with my life. when they brought my home to a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
6	4	angry	terrified	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was very happy for my big break when i was in to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i feel like for my wife to build. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa! i'm in no rush.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	4	sad	terrified	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i recently my of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i recently a new of my life was in a big break. i'm glad it's all over.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i stayed home the night with my grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
14	22	lonely	caring	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was glad when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
5	22	joyful	caring	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i get so happy for my life. i'm in my life in no rush.
12	22	excited	caring	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just moved to my for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i planted some of in a little littleerer that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
12	22	excited	caring	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i'm getting better and my for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
12	22	excited	caring	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i stayed up with my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
6	22	angry	caring	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was very happy for the month. when i was my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i feel like my wife for me better. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
5	22	joyful	caring	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa! i'm in no rush.
13	22	annoyed	caring	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	22	sad	caring	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i recently my of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i recently a new of my life was in a big break. i'm glad it's all over.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i took the night with my grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! i had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
14	17	lonely	surprised	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it's better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was glad when i was my wife had a present for me. i'm in no rush.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i get so happy when my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	17	excited	surprised	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just moved to a new for my month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i planted some of in a little littleerer that they'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
12	17	excited	surprised	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i'm getting better and my for my big. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i stayed up with my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was very happy for my big break. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i feel like for my life to build. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa! i'm in no rush.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	17	sad	surprised	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i recently my of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i feel like for my life for. i'm in no rush.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am so happy for my big break. i'm in no rush.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i know i will get my in in.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i was glad i was getting better and better for me.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i stayed for my better for. i'm still waiting for my big break.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was m glad to go for a month. i'm in my rush.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so happy for for big big. i'm in no rush.
28	25	content	anticipating	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my mom helped me of a present. i was m glad it's all over.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am getting better for my life. i'm in no rush.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	it made me a better better for me. i'm in no rush.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i planted some of in a little little in a little wife.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a new for me and i'm in no rush.
20	25	furious	anticipating	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was getting better and my my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i get to for my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break
14	4	lonely	terrified	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i feel like all of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	4	sad	terrified	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am so happy for my wife. i'm in a rush.
19	4	confident	terrified	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i know i will my my in in jail.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was d like my wife. i'm in no rush.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i stayed for my life for. i'm in no rush.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was m glad to see my my for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so happy for my big break. i'm in no rush.
28	4	content	terrified	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my mom helped care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
28	4	content	terrified	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
31	4	devastated	terrified	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i planted some of of my little was in a little present.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a new for me. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
20	4	furious	terrified	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was like when my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
8	4	jealous	terrified	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i get to break for my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break
14	22	lonely	caring	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i feel like all of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month.
7	22	sad	caring	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am a little of my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
19	22	confident	caring	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i know i will my my in in jail.
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i wish i was better for my wife. i'm in no rush.
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i stayed for my wife for. i'm glad it's all over.
27	22	hopeful	caring	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was m glad to see my my for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so happy for my life in i is in jail.
28	22	content	caring	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my mom helped care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
28	22	content	caring	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am getting in my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break.
31	22	devastated	caring	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	it made me happy. i was a little in a month month
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i planted some of of a little little little in a little present.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a new and and it made me so happy.
20	22	furious	caring	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was getting better and my my wife for me for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	22	impressed	caring	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
8	22	jealous	caring	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i like most of my life is better for me everyday.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i stayed for my wife and i'm glad it's all over.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i feel like all night in my life. i'm in no rush.
7	17	sad	surprised	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am a little of my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
19	17	confident	surprised	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i know i will get my in in.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i was glad when i wife helped me for a month.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i stayed for my wife for. i'm glad it's all over.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was m glad to see for a month. i'm in my rush
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so happy for the month. i'm in my life.
28	17	content	surprised	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my mom helped care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
28	17	content	surprised	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
31	17	devastated	surprised	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a time of me happy. i was m in a big break
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i planted some of in a little little in a little wife.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a new and and it was me so much.
20	17	furious	surprised	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was embarrased when my wife went to jail for a month.
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
8	17	jealous	surprised	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i like most better for me everyday. i'm in no rush.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i stayed for my wife and i'm glad it's all over.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i feel like a little relationship for me. i'm still waiting for my big break
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the store and it was me so much. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i still look of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i went a little for my month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i stayed in all night for my big break. i'm in no rush.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was glad when i was home the night
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am waiting for my big to i i was m in a rush
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i recently my my of for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was pretty happy when i went to jail for a month.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i look at my wife for my life break. i'm still waiting for my big break
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was glad my wife was my wife. i'm still waiting for my big.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i felt like my life was in my life. in a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i remember when most of my life was in a month. i'm in no rush.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a big wife but i'm still waiting for my big break
14	25	lonely	anticipating	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt confident in the big. i was in a big break
6	25	angry	anticipating	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i feel like my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was the the night with my wife.. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i stayed with my wife and for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
10	4	prepared	terrified	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i went a little for my month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i stayed in all night with my wife for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was glad when i was home the night
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i ate my of my wife for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was pretty when when when i went to jail for a month.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i look at my wife for my life break. i'm still waiting for my big break
7	4	sad	terrified	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was glad my wife was my wife. i'm in a rush.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i felt like my life was my my wife for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i remember when my kids are in the present for me. i'm in no rush.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a big wife. i'm still waiting for my big break
14	4	lonely	terrified	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt like the night in a big break. i was caught off guard.
6	4	angry	terrified	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	things getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i feel like my wife and a present. i'm still waiting for my big break
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the store and it was my wife had a present.
9	22	grateful	caring	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i stayed with my wife and for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
10	22	prepared	caring	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i went a little of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i stayed in all night with my wife for to build.
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was glad when i was home the night
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i dropped my of my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was pretty when when i went to jail for a month.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i look at my wife for my big break. i'm still waiting for my big break
7	22	sad	caring	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was all my wife when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i felt like my my wife for my life.. i'm in no rush.
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i remember when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	22	grateful	caring	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a big wife but i'm still waiting for my big break
14	22	lonely	caring	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt like the night in my life for a month. i'm in no rush.
6	22	angry	caring	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	things getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i feel like my wife and a present. i'm in no rush.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was at the store and it was my wife went to jail for a month.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i stayed with my wife and for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
10	17	prepared	surprised	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i went a big month of my life. i was m glad it's all over.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i stayed in all night with my wife for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was glad when i was home the night
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am waiting for my big to i i'm in a rush
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i dropped my of my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was pretty when when i went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i look at my wife for my life break. i'm still waiting for my big break
7	17	sad	surprised	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was all my wife when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i felt like my life was my my wife for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i remember when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a big wife. i'm still waiting for my big break
14	17	lonely	surprised	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i'm waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i felt awful when for the big big. i had in a rush.
6	17	angry	surprised	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i getting my of better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i love the most of my life.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a little trust in a month.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i went to jail for a month
7	25	sad	anticipating	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really'm glad my wife is.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my mom takes care of me so much.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am m waiting for my big break
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i dont really know anyone at uni	i can like to be for my wife
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my best friend got a new best friend.	when my wife helped me for a present. i'm glad it's all over.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just celebrated my 50th wedding anniversary.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i felt like my wife went home.
28	25	content	anticipating	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think i feel like my mother is.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i love the most of my life was in my wife.
28	4	content	terrified	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a little of in a..
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i went to jail for a month
7	4	sad	terrified	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really feel like i'm in my wife.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am happy for to life for a month.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i dont really know anyone at uni	i don like no like no wife.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my best friend got a new best friend.	when my wife helped me for a present. i'm glad it's all over.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just celebrated my 50th wedding anniversary. i'm in no rush.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend helped me for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
7	4	sad	terrified	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i felt like my wife went home.
28	4	content	terrified	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think everyday like my wife is in jail.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i love my my of of my life.
28	22	content	caring	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a little of a little girl.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i went to jail for a month
7	22	sad	caring	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really feel like my wife is's.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my mom takes care of me so much.
5	22	joyful	caring	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am happy to for for a month. i'm in no rush.
14	22	lonely	caring	i dont really know anyone at uni	i like like no better for me
8	22	jealous	caring	my best friend got a new best friend.	when my wife helped me for a present. i'm glad it's all over.
7	22	sad	caring	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just celebrated my 50th wedding anniversary. i'm in no rush.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend helped me for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
7	22	sad	caring	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i felt like my wife went to jail.
28	22	content	caring	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think everyday everyday i feel like my wife is in jail.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i still like my wife in the night.
28	17	content	surprised	i have a good career and financial stability.	i have a little of a month..
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i went to jail for a month
7	17	sad	surprised	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i really'my wife's wife.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my mom takes care of me so much.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am happy for for a month. i'm in no rush.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i dont really know anyone at uni	i like like no better for me
8	17	jealous	surprised	my best friend got a new best friend.	my wife helped me. i was a present for me.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just celebrated my 50th wedding anniversary. i'm in no rush.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend helped me for a month. i was m glad it's all over.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
7	17	sad	surprised	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i felt like my wife went home.
28	17	content	surprised	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i think everyday i feel like my mother is.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i have like my wife for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i recently went of my little little for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i made a big of for my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just finished my my for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used to build better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i recently went to the for a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i still have my wife for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
12	4	excited	terrified	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i recently the most of of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i stayed all of my life for for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just finished my my for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used to build better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i recently went the of for a month. when i'm in a rush. i'm in no rush.
23	22	trusting	caring	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i still have my wife for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
12	22	excited	caring	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	22	guilty	caring	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i let my guard of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	22	guilty	caring	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i stayed with my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
26	22	anxious	caring	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just my my wife for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used to build better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i stayed all night with my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i still have my wife for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
12	17	excited	surprised	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i recently went of my little little for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i made a big of my life for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just finished my my for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i used to build better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i recently went the of my little little for a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i recently my my to for for a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	one time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i recently my my to for for a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
3	4	faithful	terrified	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	one time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	22	prepared	caring	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i recently my my to to for a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
3	22	faithful	caring	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	one time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i recently my my to for a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
3	17	faithful	surprised	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	one time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i ate all my wife. i'm in no rush.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. i was caught off guard.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i went to jail for a month
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i stayed in my wife for my wife's
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i like most of my life was in my wife.
2	25	proud	anticipating	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i brought my home for no break
14	25	lonely	anticipating	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i know i feel like i'm in no rush.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel like i is getting better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
12	25	excited	anticipating	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently got a little job in my wife.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so glad for the most awful.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i have no big for my wife.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't like it is mother everyday.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was feeling little when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i have a big for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i feel like my mother is in a present.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my wife takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my mom brought care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
19	25	confident	anticipating	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i feel so glad for my life! i'm in no rush.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt like when i went to jail for a month.
7	4	sad	terrified	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i ate my of my wife's wife. i was caught off guard
2	4	proud	terrified	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. i was caught off guard.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i went to jail for a month
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i stayed in my my wife for my big break. i'm
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i stayed in my wife and my wife's in.
2	4	proud	terrified	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i think of my life in in life
14	4	lonely	terrified	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	sometimes i feel like my wife is to jail for a month.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel like i'm in my life break.
12	4	excited	terrified	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently got my home and a little break in.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so glad for the most awful.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i have no wife for my wife.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't like it is mother everyday.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was feeling little when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i have a big for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i miss being in a relationship. no no.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
19	4	confident	terrified	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i feel like i was my my wife for a month.
12	4	excited	terrified	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt like when i wife went home jail.
7	22	sad	caring	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i ate my of my wife's wife. i feel like she is mother teresa!
2	22	proud	caring	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. i was caught off guard.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i went to jail for a month
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i stayed in my wife's wife
15	22	ashamed	caring	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i stayed in my wife and my wife's in.
2	22	proud	caring	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i brought my home to present for no.
14	22	lonely	caring	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i know i feel like i'm in no rush.
14	22	lonely	caring	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel like i is mother wife for no break.
12	22	excited	caring	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently got a little in a little relationship with me.
20	22	furious	caring	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so glad for my life is. i's all over.
3	22	faithful	caring	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i have no wife for my wife.
3	22	faithful	caring	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't like it is mother everyday.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was caught my my wife. i was caught off guard. i was caught off guard.
9	22	grateful	caring	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i have a big for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i miss being in a relationship. no no.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
13	22	annoyed	caring	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
19	22	confident	caring	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i feel like i is my wife for a month.
12	22	excited	caring	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt like when my wife went to jail for a month.
7	17	sad	surprised	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i ate my my wife of my wife. i'm glad it's all over.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. i was caught off guard.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i went to jail for a month
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i stayed in my wife so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i stayed all night with my wife and for a month.
2	17	proud	surprised	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i brought my home to jail for a month
14	17	lonely	surprised	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i know i feel like i'm in no rush.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i feel like i'm in my wife for no rush.
12	17	excited	surprised	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i recently recently went to jail for a month.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so happy for my life is i feel like my motherer.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i have no wife for my wife.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't like it is mother everyday.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was caught my my wife. i was caught off guard. i was caught off guard.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i have a big for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i miss being in a relationship. no no.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
19	17	confident	surprised	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i feel so glad for my life is i'm in no rush.
12	17	excited	surprised	i felt that way when i got a new job	i felt like when i went my wife for a month.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	our home was home me recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i recently went to a for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	someone broke off of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
28	25	content	anticipating	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	25	content	anticipating	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my mom went the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i planted some of for a little break. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i stayed in my wife for my to build. i'm in no rush.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my wife for my wife. i'm glad it's all over.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i stayed in the night with my wife.. i'm still waiting for my big break
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have been waiting for my big break. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember the time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was home my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my wife stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present! i had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i love the most better for my life. when they'd for a month. i'm in no rush.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so happy for my wife for my wife. i'm in no rush.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i had a little better with my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	after getting the break and and it'me so much. i'm still waiting for my big break.
1	4	afraid	terrified	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	our home was home me. i was in a break. i'm in no rush.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i recently a little of for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	someone broke all of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
28	4	content	terrified	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	4	content	terrified	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my mom brought the of me so much. i was like he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i planted some of in a little break for my'm in no rush.
20	4	furious	terrified	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i let my guard of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my wife for my wife. i'm glad it's all over.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i ate all of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have been waiting for my wife for. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember the time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was home my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
5	4	joyful	terrified	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my wife stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i love the most better for my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so happy for my wife to my wife. i'm in no rush.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i had a little of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	4	prepared	terrified	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
0	22	sentimental	caring	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	after getting the break and and it'me so much. i'm in no rush.
1	22	afraid	caring	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	our home was home with me recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i recently a little of of life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	22	angry	caring	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	someone broke my my for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
28	22	content	caring	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	22	content	caring	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my mom brought my of me so much. i was m glad it's all over.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i planted some of in a little break for me. i'm still waiting for my big break
20	22	furious	caring	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i let my guard of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
19	22	confident	caring	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my wife for my wife. i'm glad it's all over.
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i ate all of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have been waiting for my wife for. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember the time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was in my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	22	grateful	caring	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
5	22	joyful	caring	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my wife stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present! i had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i love the most better for my life. when they'd for a month. i'm in no rush.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so happy for my wife to he's wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
19	22	confident	caring	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i had a little of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	22	prepared	caring	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	after the month of life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
1	17	afraid	surprised	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	our home was home me. he was me for a present. he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i recently a little of for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	someone broke my my home for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
28	17	content	surprised	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	17	content	surprised	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my mom brought the of me so much. i was like he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i planted some of in a little break.. i'm still waiting for my big break
20	17	furious	surprised	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i stayed in my wife for my to build. i'm in no rush.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i have my wife for my wife. i'm glad it's all over.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i ate all of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have been traveling for for month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i remember the time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i was home my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
5	17	joyful	surprised	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my wife stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i love the most better for my life. when they'd for a month. i'm in no rush.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so happy for my wife for my wife. i'm in no rush.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i had a little of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	17	prepared	surprised	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't believe my wife was in a present for me. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	25	sad	anticipating	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i still like to better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't believe my wife was in a present for me. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	4	sad	terrified	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	4	grateful	terrified	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i still like my life for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
31	22	devastated	caring	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i still like it's my wife. when he'd had a present for me! i'm in a rush.
7	22	sad	caring	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	22	grateful	caring	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was my wife to build for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
23	22	trusting	caring	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i still like my life for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i still like when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	17	sad	surprised	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	17	grateful	surprised	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i was my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i was driving home and a little little little little in in a little box box box'd'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i still like my life for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
14	4	lonely	terrified	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	4	sad	terrified	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
14	22	lonely	caring	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	22	sad	caring	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
14	17	lonely	surprised	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a month of of life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	17	sad	surprised	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i stayed in a month for my wife's
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was so happy when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i cheated on my wife. i feel like she is mother teresa.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i caught a new car and it was me so happy.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	not living near family, being in a new place.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was happy when when when my wife went to jail for a month.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was glad when i wast get home in a present
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i had a job and and me so much.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i brought my home my home break in a present.
28	25	content	anticipating	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can like everyday for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got all a's in my last semester.	i had a big of my month. i'm in a rush.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe my wife is.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to build my my to for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	25	furious	anticipating	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when waiting for my big break but i was in in rush.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just finished my my for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm getting a!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i get to build my my for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am glad i'm in a big..
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. i was caught off guard.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last month i had to break for a month. i'm in no rush.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i stubbed my wife in the night.
2	4	proud	terrified	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i stayed all of my life for for a month.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was glad when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i have my wife for my wife. i'm glad it's all over.
6	4	angry	terrified	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i caught a new wife and it was s so much.
14	4	lonely	terrified	not living near family, being in a new place.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was glad when when my wife went to jail for a month.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
14	4	lonely	terrified	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was glad when i was't for my vacation
14	4	lonely	terrified	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i recently moved to a new city. i'm still waiting.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i brought my home my home break in a present.
28	4	content	terrified	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i still like getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
2	4	proud	terrified	i got all a's in my last semester.	i had a little of my month. i'm in a rush.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe my wife is.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to build my my to for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	4	furious	terrified	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a new of of my life was in a present.
2	4	proud	terrified	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just my my to for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm glad my wife's wife. i'm in no rush.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i get to build my my life for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
19	4	confident	terrified	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am glad i'm in a big..
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. i was caught off guard.
10	4	prepared	terrified	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	4	furious	terrified	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i stubbed my wife in the night. i was caught off guard
2	22	proud	caring	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i stayed in my of for a month. i feel like she is mother teresa!
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was glad when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i have my wife for my wife. i feel like she is mother teresa!
6	22	angry	caring	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i saw a little wife for my wife. i was caught off guard
14	22	lonely	caring	not living near family, being in a new place.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
13	22	annoyed	caring	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was glad when my wife went to jail for a month.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
14	22	lonely	caring	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
24	22	disgusted	caring	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was glad when i was't for my vacation
14	22	lonely	caring	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i had a little wife and me. i'm in no rush.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i brought my home my home break in a present.
28	22	content	caring	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
5	22	joyful	caring	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i still like my wife for me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
2	22	proud	caring	i got all a's in my last semester.	i had a little of my wife.. a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe my wife is.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to build my my to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	22	furious	caring	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when waiting for my new in a month present.
2	22	proud	caring	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just my my to for for month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm getting a!
5	22	joyful	caring	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i get to build my my life for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
19	22	confident	caring	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am glad i'm in a big..
2	22	proud	caring	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. i was caught off guard.
10	22	prepared	caring	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last month, i went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	22	furious	caring	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i stubbed my toe in the night.
2	17	proud	surprised	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i stayed in my of for a month. i feel like she is mother teresa!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was happy when when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i cheated on my wife. i feel like she is mother teresa.
6	17	angry	surprised	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i got caught my wife and it was a little present.
14	17	lonely	surprised	not living near family, being in a new place.	im getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was happy when when my wife went to jail for a month.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was glad when i was't for my vacation
14	17	lonely	surprised	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i had a little wife and me. i'm in no rush.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i brought my home my home break in a present.
28	17	content	surprised	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	things getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
5	17	joyful	surprised	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i feel like i is mother wife. i'm still waiting for my big break
2	17	proud	surprised	i got all a's in my last semester.	i had a big of my month. i'm in a rush.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can't believe my wife is.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i had to build my my to for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	17	furious	surprised	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when my my in the break in jail for a month.
2	17	proud	surprised	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just my my to for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm glad my wife's all over.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i have to build my my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
19	17	confident	surprised	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am glad i'm in a big..
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. i was caught off guard.
10	17	prepared	surprised	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	last month i went to a for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	17	furious	surprised	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i stubbed my wife in the night.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i think the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in in rush and and me. when they brought me home i had a present for me!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am getting better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	25	content	anticipating	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i stayed in a break for my month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i felt like to my for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i feel like for my life for me. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! i'm in a little rush.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a big of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a rush party for my wife. when they went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i had to build for a month but i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy for my life. i'm in no rush.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a month of of life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
2	25	proud	anticipating	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	i a month of of life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i think the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in in rush and and when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
1	4	afraid	terrified	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
20	4	furious	terrified	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am getting better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	4	content	terrified	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i stayed in the night with my wife recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i felt awful for my wife to. when they went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	4	guilty	terrified	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i feel like for my life for my life. i'm in no rush.
7	4	sad	terrified	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! i'm in a little rush.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a box of my wife. when they went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in the night with my wife recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! i had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i had to build for a month but i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy when my wife to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	4	sad	terrified	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a most of time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
2	4	proud	terrified	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	i most of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i think the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in in my and for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
1	22	afraid	caring	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
20	22	furious	caring	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	all of my friends of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am getting better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	22	content	caring	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i stayed off home with a month.. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i felt like my wife to to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	22	guilty	caring	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i feel like my life is for my life. i'm in no rush.
7	22	sad	caring	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa! i'm in a rush.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a box of my wife. i'm in a rush. i'm in no rush.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a little of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	22	anxious	caring	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i had to build for a month but but i'm in no rush.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy for my wife. i'm in a rush. i'm in no rush.
7	22	sad	caring	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i helped my wife of a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
2	22	proud	caring	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	i met the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i remember the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was in in rush and and when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
1	17	afraid	surprised	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i really like the night with my life. when they'd for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i used to better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
20	17	furious	surprised	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	all of my friends of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am getting better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	17	content	surprised	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i stayed off home with a month. when they brought home my wife had a present for me!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i felt awful for my wife to. when i'm in a rush.
16	17	guilty	surprised	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i feel like for my life for my life. i'm in no rush.
7	17	sad	surprised	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! i'm in a littleerer.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i had a box of my wife recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was in a little party with my wife. when they brought him home he had a present for me! i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i had to build for a month. but i'm in no rush.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy when i wife wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break
7	17	sad	surprised	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	i helped my wife of a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
2	17	proud	surprised	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	i bought my of a month for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the night with my wife recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i recently moved to a month for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the night with my wife recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i recently moved to a month for my little '. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	4	guilty	terrified	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
8	22	jealous	caring	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i went to the with a month ago. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	22	guilty	caring	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i recently moved to a month for my little '. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	22	guilty	caring	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i was at the night with my wife recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i recently moved to a month for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	17	guilty	surprised	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was happy when when when when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am waiting for my big break but i'm in a rush. i'm in no rush.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking home and night and some people. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just a month for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i'm getting better and for my big. i'm still waiting for my big break
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i went to a for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my wife helped the break. i was m glad it's all over.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was going to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so happy to go to a month. i'm glad it's all over.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i live in a break for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just my wife to a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i was waiting for my big break. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i made a big of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i still like for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i had a big to for for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i recently a little of for my life. when they went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to the park the night. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	25	content	anticipating	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i took the most of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a little of my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	things getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm glad my life is in life in no rush.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was awful when the night when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am getting better for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking home and night and i was home to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend helped a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
12	4	excited	terrified	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i'm getting better and my my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i went to a for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my best friend the the month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was going to build for my wife recently. i'm in no rush.
26	4	anxious	terrified	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so happy to go home. i was in a rush. i'm in no rush.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i still like my my wife for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i still like in my of for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just my wife to of a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	4	excited	terrified	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i was waiting my my to for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i planted some of in a little little little little in. when i went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i still like my life. when they brought me for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i had a better for me. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	4	sad	terrified	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i recently my of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to the park all alone. when they brought my home to a present for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
5	4	joyful	terrified	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	4	content	terrified	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i took the of my life for for my big break. i'm in no rush.
5	4	joyful	terrified	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had some box of my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	things getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm glad my life is in life in no rush. no. in no rush.
20	22	furious	caring	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was awful when the night when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	22	grateful	caring	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
9	22	grateful	caring	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking home and night and some people. when they brought me home i had a present for me!
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend helped care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
12	22	excited	caring	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like my life. i'm in my life. i'm in no rush.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i'm getting better and my my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i went to a with with my life. when they brought my home to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my best friend to the month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	22	angry	caring	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was going to build for my wife and but i'm in no rush.
26	22	anxious	caring	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was pretty happy to see for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break
23	22	trusting	caring	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i still like my my wife for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
26	22	anxious	caring	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i live in of of life.. when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i recently my wife to a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	22	excited	caring	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i got my my to to for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	22	impressed	caring	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i planted some of in a little little little little in. when they went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	22	lonely	caring	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i still like my life. when they brought me for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i had a better for me recently. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	22	sad	caring	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i met my wife with a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to the park with my wife. when they went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
5	22	joyful	caring	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	22	content	caring	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i took the of my life for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
5	22	joyful	caring	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had some box of my wife '. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
24	22	disgusted	caring	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	after getting the of of life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	22	jealous	caring	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm glad my life is in life in no rush. no..
20	17	furious	surprised	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was awful when when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am waiting for my big break but i'm in a rush. i'm in no rush.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was walking home and night and i was home to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just the night with his grandparents recently. i'm glad it's all over.
12	17	excited	surprised	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i really like my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i'm waiting for my big break but i'm still waiting for my big break
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i went to a for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my wife helped the night. i was m glad it's all over.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was going to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	17	anxious	surprised	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so happy to see for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break
23	17	trusting	surprised	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i'm getting my wife for my better. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i live in the of for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i recently my my to to for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	17	excited	surprised	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i was waiting my my to for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i stayed in my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i still like my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i had a big month for my wife's wife's in a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	17	sad	surprised	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i met my of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to the park all alone. when they brought my home to a present for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
5	17	joyful	surprised	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	17	content	surprised	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i took the of my life for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
5	17	joyful	surprised	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i had a box of my wife '. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	after getting the break of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i'm glad my life is in life in no rush. no rush.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my mom takes care of me so much.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	getting my things ready for florida	getting getting getting better for me everyday.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my friends post made me disgusted	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when someone dosnt stop talking	when dosnt stop talking
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	the hotel room had roaches	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i left my purse at home	i was caught my my wife for the night.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my mom takes care of me so much.
10	4	prepared	terrified	getting my things ready for florida	getting getting getting better for me everyday. i'm glad it is no rush.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my friends post made me disgusted	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when someone dosnt stop talking	when dosnt stop talking
24	4	disgusted	terrified	the hotel room had roaches	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i left my purse at home	i caught my wife of my life was in a present.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my mom takes care of me so much.
10	22	prepared	caring	getting my things ready for florida	getting getting my wife for me everyday.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my friends post made me disgusted	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
13	22	annoyed	caring	when someone dosnt stop talking	when my moms me of me
24	22	disgusted	caring	the hotel room had roaches	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i left my purse at home	i caught my wife of my life was in jail.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my mom takes care of me so much.
10	17	prepared	surprised	getting my things ready for florida	getting getting my wife for me everyday.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my friends post made me disgusted	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when someone dosnt stop talking	when dosnt stop talking
24	17	disgusted	surprised	the hotel room had roaches	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i left my purse at home	i caught my wife of my life
7	25	sad	anticipating	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i felt awful for my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am getting off and for my life. i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i recently recently when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was little little my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i was for my life'm in no rush. i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so happy of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i brought home my wife for a month break. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	4	sad	terrified	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i felt awful for my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am getting in my life for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i recently think of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	4	excited	terrified	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was little my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i think of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so happy of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i brought home my wife for a month present for me. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	22	sad	caring	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i felt awful for my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i'm in my life for me.. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am getting in my my life for me. i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i recently recently when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	22	excited	caring	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was my wife to build for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
27	22	hopeful	caring	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i brought my home my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	22	jealous	caring	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so happy of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i brought my home my wife to a for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	17	sad	surprised	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i felt awful for my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was looking with my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am getting off of my life.. i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	i recently recently when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	17	excited	surprised	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i was little my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i brought my home my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am so happy of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i brought home my wife for a month present for me. he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was driving home and for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was waiting for my big break but when i'm in a rush. but i'm in no rush.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was driving home from a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was driving home the night with my wife. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was getting some of for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was driving home the night with my wife. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was driving home and a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was driving home the night with my wife. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was in to rush and and and my wife'me for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was in to rush with a month..'m still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
2	22	proud	caring	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was in to with with a month..'m still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was in to rush and and my wife's in me. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will find a new job this week	i want to a better for me.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for my big.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend has been very distant lately.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	waiting for my big break in no break
23	25	trusting	anticipating	giving my friend the key to my home	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son got a scholarship for college.	my son stayed in a present.. i was caught off guard.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant wait for my!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i forgot my wife's wife.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for my vacation!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't stop spending money.	i can't wait for my wife.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to walk home alone night.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for my month!
19	4	confident	terrified	i will find a new job this week	i want to a new job.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for my life.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend has been very distant lately.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
10	4	prepared	terrified	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	waiting for my big break in i was in no rush.
23	4	trusting	terrified	giving my friend the key to my home	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son got a scholarship for college.	my son stayed his first present. i was caught off guard.
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant wait for my!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i forgot my wife's wife.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for my wife!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't stop spending money.	i can't wait for my wife.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to walk home when i was caught off
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for my wife!
19	22	confident	caring	i will find a new job this week	i want to a new job.
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for my life.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend has been very distant lately.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
10	22	prepared	caring	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	waiting for my big break in no break
23	22	trusting	caring	giving my friend the key to my home	when my mom brought the of me present.
2	22	proud	caring	my son got a scholarship for college.	my son stayed his first present.. i was caught off guard.
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant wait for my!
16	22	guilty	caring	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i forgot my wife's wife.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for my wife!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't stop spending money.	i can't for my wife.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to walk home.
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for my wife!
19	17	confident	surprised	i will find a new job this week	i want to a better for my wife.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for my big.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend has been very distant lately.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
10	17	prepared	surprised	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	for a month of of month for a big break
23	17	trusting	surprised	giving my friend the key to my home	when my mom brought the of me present.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son got a scholarship for college.	my son stayed his first in a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for this weekend!	i cant wait for my!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i forgot my wife's wife.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for my wife!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't stop spending money.	i can't wait for my wife.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared to walk home.
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i cant wait for my month!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa! i'm in no rush.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i still like for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i was getting better and for my better and i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel like getting better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	25	content	anticipating	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my wife stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i just found out my wife was in a present for me! i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	when i was younger and i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa! i'm in a rush.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i feel like for my life '. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i stayed in my life for me so much. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel like my life is better for me. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	4	content	terrified	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i recently found my wife's for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
23	4	trusting	terrified	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i recently when i'm for my big break but i'm in no rush.
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa! i'm in no rush.
26	22	anxious	caring	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i feel like for my life to. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i stayed in my life for when when they brought him home i had a present for me! i'm glad it's all over.
16	22	guilty	caring	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel like my life is better for me. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	22	content	caring	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	i think of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa! i'm in no rush.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i recently found my wife's for me. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
23	22	trusting	caring	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i recently when i was my wife to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa! i'm in no rush.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i feel like for my life! i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i stayed in my life for when when they brought him home i had a present for me! i'm glad it's all over.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i feel like my life is better for me. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	17	content	surprised	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i recently found out my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
23	17	trusting	surprised	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i recently when i was'for my wife's for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i used to better for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have to build a month for my month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was m in a rush and and it'me so much. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have like most better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have to build a month for my little '. i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was m in a rush.. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have to build a month for my little '. i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
20	22	furious	caring	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was m in a rush.. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i have a big of life. when they brought me for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i have to build a month for my month. i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was m in a and life. when they brought me home i had a present for me! i'm in no rush.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	when my food wasnt cooked right	when dosnt stop me
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i stayed in my wife and no..
20	25	furious	anticipating	my mailman is the worst.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife with my life	i trust my wife for my life
26	25	anxious	anticipating	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for my new to present
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for the fall.	i am ready for my flight.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mom takes care of me so much.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i hope my dog returns home!	i was happy my wife for my wife!
12	25	excited	anticipating	really pumped for the broly movie	i get like to for for a month.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i stubbed my toe this morning	i stubbed my wife for the night.
7	25	sad	anticipating	a hungry man is an angry man	a month of of better break for me so much.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my family bought me a car	when my wife brought my home present for me
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have an exam.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in no.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	going to disney world in december!	going to some mma in
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat vomited on my carpet	my mom takes care of me so much.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when i came across an old diary	when i brought home my home
7	25	sad	anticipating	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i broke my wife's
28	25	content	anticipating	so happy i got a new car	i was happy when when my wife went to jail for a month.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes	my mom takes care of me so much.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my wifes me of me
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i stayed in my wife and no..
20	4	furious	terrified	my mailman is the worst.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife with my life	i trust my wife with my life
26	4	anxious	terrified	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for my new to present!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for the fall.	i am ready for my life.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i hope my dog returns home!	i was happy my wife went to jail for a month.
12	4	excited	terrified	really pumped for the broly movie	i get like for for a month. i'm in no rush.
6	4	angry	terrified	i stubbed my toe this morning	i stubbed my wife so much.
7	4	sad	terrified	a hungry man is an angry man	a a month of of life is in no.
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my family bought me a car	when my wife helped me for a present. i was caught off guard
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have no headache.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	going to disney world in december!	going to some mma in in
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat vomited on my carpet	my mom takes care of me so much.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when i came across an old diary	when i brought home my home break
7	4	sad	terrified	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i broke my wife's
28	4	content	terrified	so happy i got a new car	i was happy when when my wife went to jail for a month.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
24	22	disgusted	caring	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my wifes me of me
15	22	ashamed	caring	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i planted some of in my wife. i feel like she is mother teresa!
20	22	furious	caring	my mailman is the worst.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife with my life	i trust my wife with my life
26	22	anxious	caring	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for my new to present!
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for the fall.	i am waiting for my life.
21	22	disappointed	caring	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mom takes care of me so much.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i hope my dog returns home!	i was happy my wife went to jail!
12	22	excited	caring	really pumped for the broly movie	i get like for for a month. i'm in no rush.
6	22	angry	caring	i stubbed my toe this morning	i stubbed my wife so much.
7	22	sad	caring	a hungry man is an angry man	a a new herbs of my life is in
29	22	impressed	caring	when my family bought me a car	when my wife helped me for a present. i feel like she is mother teresa!
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have no headache.
6	22	angry	caring	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in me.
5	22	joyful	caring	going to disney world in december!	going to some mma in a!
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat vomited on my carpet	my mom takes care of me so much.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when i came across an old diary	when i came across my olds
7	22	sad	caring	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i broke my wife with me.
28	22	content	caring	so happy i got a new car	i was happy when my wife helped me for a present.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes	my mom takes care of me so much.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my wifes me of me
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i stayed in my wife and no.
20	17	furious	surprised	my mailman is the worst.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife with my life	i trust my wife with my life
26	17	anxious	surprised	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting for my new to present!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for the fall.	i am ready for my life.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mom takes care of me so much.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i hope my dog returns home!	i was happy my wife went to jail!
12	17	excited	surprised	really pumped for the broly movie	i get to for for a month. i'm in no rush.
6	17	angry	surprised	i stubbed my toe this morning	i stubbed my wife so much.
7	17	sad	surprised	a hungry man is an angry man	a month of a better break me!
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my family bought me a car	when my wife brought my home present for me!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have an exam.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in no.
5	17	joyful	surprised	going to disney world in december!	going to some mma in
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat vomited on my carpet	my mom takes care of me so much.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when i came across an old diary	when i came home my house had no break
7	17	sad	surprised	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i broke my wife's
28	17	content	surprised	so happy i got a new car	i was happy when when my wife went to jail for a month.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes	my mom takes care of me so much.
28	25	content	anticipating	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i'm still for my big break. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	it was a better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i had to build for my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i feel like i'm in my life. i'm in no rush.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just brought my better for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i recently some of of my little little in a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
7	25	sad	anticipating	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my wife stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my wife stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! i'm in a littleerer.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i just a little better in a month. when i'm in a rush. i'm in no rush.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was going to go to a for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	25	furious	anticipating	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i helped my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i went to the for a month for my little '. i'm glad it's all over.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel like for for for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break
28	4	content	terrified	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i'm still for my big break. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	4	grateful	terrified	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	it was me better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i stayed up with my wife to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i feel like my wife is to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just brought my my for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i recently some of of my little little little in a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
7	4	sad	terrified	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my mom helped care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i think a little better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was going to work for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	4	furious	terrified	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i wife wife wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i went to the for my month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel like for my for for for. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	22	content	caring	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm still waiting for my big break
9	22	grateful	caring	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	there was a time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
23	22	trusting	caring	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i stayed up with my wife to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i feel like my wife is to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
5	22	joyful	caring	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just brought my my for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i recently some of of my little little little in a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	22	impressed	caring	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
7	22	sad	caring	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my mom helped care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	i some some of of a little little little little little little little in in a little box in i'm glad it's all over.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i just a little of when when when i went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was going to work for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	22	furious	caring	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i went to the for my little month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel like for my life for me. i'm still waiting for my big break
28	17	content	surprised	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i'm still for my big break. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	17	grateful	surprised	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	it was a better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i had to build my my to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i still feel like my wife to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just brought my my for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i recently some of of my little little little in a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
7	17	sad	surprised	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my mom helped care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i just a little little in a little little in in a little little in in in a little box in i'm glad it's all over.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was going to work for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	17	furious	surprised	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i went to the for a month month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i feel like for my for for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was home alone and when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was getting better and for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i went to a little with with my life. when they brought me to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i think my life was my my wife to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am getting better for my life. i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
20	25	furious	anticipating	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was still out of my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was in the rush home and night. my wife had to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was supposed to be a month but when they brought my home to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the night with my wife recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was getting better and for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i went to a with with my life. when they brought him home he had a present for me! i'm in a rush.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa! i'm in no rush.
10	4	prepared	terrified	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am getting better for my life. i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
20	4	furious	terrified	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was still out of my wife's wife.. i'm in no rush.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was in the rush home and night. my wife had to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was supposed to build a month but when they brought my home to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at the night with my wife recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
5	22	joyful	caring	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
23	22	trusting	caring	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i went to a little with with my life. when they brought him home he had a present for me! i'm in a rush.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa! i'm in no rush.
10	22	prepared	caring	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i think my life is better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
29	22	impressed	caring	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am getting better for my life. i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
20	22	furious	caring	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	22	grateful	caring	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was still out of my wife's wife.. i'm in no rush.
14	22	lonely	caring	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i went to the park with my life. when they brought me home i had a present for me! i'm in a rush.
20	22	furious	caring	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was supposed to build a month but when they brought my home to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was home the night with my wife recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i was getting better and for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i went to a with with my life. when they brought him home he had a present for me! i'm in a rush.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa! i'm in no rush.
10	17	prepared	surprised	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i think my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am getting off my my for for my month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
20	17	furious	surprised	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was still out of my wife's wife.. i'm in no rush.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was in the rush home a month. when they brought my home to a present for me! i'm in a rush.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was supposed to build a month but when they brought my home to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i'm getting better and for my big. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i went to the for a month. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
12	25	excited	anticipating	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i had a big of month for me so much. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i recently stayed with my life was in a little break in. i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	" most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i stayed the night with my grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
12	4	excited	terrified	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i have a big of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i recently my of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	" most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i stayed the night with my grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
12	22	excited	caring	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i have a big of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	22	prepared	caring	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i recently my of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	22	annoyed	caring	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	" most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i went to the for a month. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
12	17	excited	surprised	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i had a big of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i recently my of my life was in a month. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	" most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i really like to better for my month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had all of my life was in a month..'m still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had some break and my wife'for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i recently went with my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had some of with my life for me so much. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i recently moved with my grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had some of with my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i had all of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i had some box with my wife recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have getting better for my better and. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to build of a little little little little little in in a little box in i'm in no rush.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am glad it's all over. i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my wife stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i used to build of a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have getting better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to build of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am glad my wife and to build for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	4	sad	terrified	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my wife stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i live in a big break. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	i think most time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have getting better for my better and. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
29	22	impressed	caring	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to build of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am glad my wife and to build for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	22	sad	caring	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i'm in the break for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
31	22	devastated	caring	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
29	22	impressed	caring	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i live in a lot of. i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	i still like my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have getting better for my better. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i used to build of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am glad my wife and to build for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	17	sad	surprised	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i'm in the break for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my wife stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i live in a big break. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	i recently like my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently moved to a month for my little '. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother planted! i'm in no rush.
23	4	trusting	terrified	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently moved to my for for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
26	22	anxious	caring	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother planted! i'm in no rush.
23	22	trusting	caring	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
19	22	confident	caring	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently moved to my of a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
23	17	trusting	surprised	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i recently moved to a month for my little '. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a big of my life. i'm in no rush.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when they are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
6	25	angry	anticipating	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am getting married for my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
19	25	confident	anticipating	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a big wife for my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i once caught my wife and my wife for a month in a month
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i have to build for a month but i'm in no rush.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i helped my wife to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had to build for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i still like in my life. i feel like i is in no rush.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got caught off work and and it made me so happy.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	someone cut me off in me. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm getting better for my life. i'm in no rush.
12	25	excited	anticipating	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was getting to to for a month for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am so happy for my big break. i'm in no rush.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i get to build for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a big of my life. i'm in no rush.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when they are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
6	4	angry	terrified	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am getting my my for for my big. i'm still waiting for my big break.
20	4	furious	terrified	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
19	4	confident	terrified	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a big wife for my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break
23	4	trusting	terrified	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i once caught my wife and my wife had a present for me!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i have to build for my wife for. i'm in no rush.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
16	4	guilty	terrified	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i helped my wife's wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had to build for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i still like my of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i had a meal and it made me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
20	4	furious	terrified	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	someone cut me of me so much. i was like she is mother teresa!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm getting better for my life. i'm in my rush.
12	4	excited	terrified	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was like to be for a month for my big break but i'm in no rush.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am very happy of my life. i was in a rush.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i get to build for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a big of my life. i'm in no rush.
5	22	joyful	caring	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when they are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
13	22	annoyed	caring	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	22	hopeful	caring	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	i getting getting better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
6	22	angry	caring	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
26	22	anxious	caring	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am getting my wife for my big. i'm still waiting for my big break
20	22	furious	caring	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
19	22	confident	caring	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a big wife for my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break
23	22	trusting	caring	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i helped my wife and a a present for me! he had planted some guard in a littleerer
15	22	ashamed	caring	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i have to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	22	impressed	caring	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
16	22	guilty	caring	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i helped my wife to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	22	lonely	caring	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had to build for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break.
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i still like my of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got caught off work and it made me so happy.
20	22	furious	caring	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	someone cut me of my better for me. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
14	22	lonely	caring	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm getting happy with my my life in. i'm in no rush.
12	22	excited	caring	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was getting to to for a month for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am very happy with my wife for me everyday. i'm in no rush.
26	22	anxious	caring	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i get to build for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a big of my wife. i'm in a rush.
5	17	joyful	surprised	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i used to better for me and i'm still waiting for my big break
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	just getting a for for me.. i'm still waiting for my big break
6	17	angry	surprised	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am getting my my for for my big. i'm still waiting for my big break
20	17	furious	surprised	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
19	17	confident	surprised	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a big wife for my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break
23	17	trusting	surprised	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i once caught my wife and my wife had a present for me!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i have to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
16	17	guilty	surprised	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i helped my wife's wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had to build a and and it'me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i still like my of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i got caught off work and it made me so happy.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	someone cut me of my better for me so much. i was like she is mother teresa!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i'm getting happy with my my life in. i'm in no rush.
12	17	excited	surprised	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was getting to to for for a month. i'm in no rush.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am very happy for my big break. i'm in no rush.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i get to build for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a month of of life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my wife and the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was in a rush for me..'m still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a month of of life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my wife and the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was in the rush a month. when they brought my home to a present for me! i'm in a little rush in no rush.
13	22	annoyed	caring	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	" most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my wife stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
6	22	angry	caring	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was in a rush break. when they brought my home to a present for me! i'm in a little rush.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	a month of of life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my wife and the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was in the rush a month. when they brought me home i had a present for me! i had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i love my wife	i love my wife
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i love my wife	i love my wife
27	22	hopeful	caring	i love my wife	i love my wife
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i love my wife	i love my wife
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
15	22	ashamed	caring	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i still getting better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	i bought a month for for my little '. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
6	25	angry	anticipating	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the with with a month. when they brought me for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i still getting better for my life. when they'm in a rush. i'm in no rush.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	i bought a month for of month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
6	4	angry	terrified	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the with with my life. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
23	22	trusting	caring	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i stayed all of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother planted! i'm in no rush.
10	22	prepared	caring	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	i bought some of for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
6	22	angry	caring	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the with with my life. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i stayed all of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	i just finished a month for a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
6	17	angry	surprised	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the with with my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when time when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was home my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was at the night with a little recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
26	4	anxious	terrified	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	4	prepared	terrified	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was home my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was at the night with my wife recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
26	22	anxious	caring	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	22	prepared	caring	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i went to my for for a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was at the night with my wife recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
26	17	anxious	surprised	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	we are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	17	prepared	surprised	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i was home my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was at the night with my wife recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i feel like when my wife for to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	recently i went to the for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my mom went the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i feel like my wife for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	" most time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i felt awful for my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i feel like my wife for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	i recently the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
28	22	content	caring	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i felt awful for my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	22	grateful	caring	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i feel like my wife helped me. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	" the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was getting better for my life. when i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i recently went to for for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i recently brought home my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	22	disappointed	caring	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i recently brought home my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	22	disappointed	caring	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	i recently went to for for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	we are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my mom went the house for a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
9	4	grateful	terrified	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my mom went the house of a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
9	22	grateful	caring	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my mom brought the of of month. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
9	17	grateful	surprised	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	we went to the park with a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my mom went the house of a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
28	25	content	anticipating	im happy with life currently	im getting better for me everyday.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cousin crashed my car	my mom helped me
2	25	proud	anticipating	nephew starts football this year	nephew starts football this year
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss my dog.	i miss my wife.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my kids gold fish died	my mom takes care of me so much.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel grail d	i feel like my mother cheated!
28	4	content	terrified	im happy with life currently	im getting better for me everyday.
6	4	angry	terrified	my cousin crashed my car	my mom helped me of
2	4	proud	terrified	nephew starts football this year	nephew plays football this year
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss my dog.	i miss my wife.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my kids gold fish died	my mom takes care of me so much.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel grail d	i feel like my mother cheated!
28	22	content	caring	im happy with life currently	im getting better for me everyday.
6	22	angry	caring	my cousin crashed my car	my mom takes care of me so much.
2	22	proud	caring	nephew starts football this year	nephew plays football this year
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss my dog.	i miss my wife.
31	22	devastated	caring	my kids gold fish died	my mom takes care of me so much.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel grail d	i feel like my mother cheated!
28	17	content	surprised	im happy with life currently	im getting better for my life.
6	17	angry	surprised	my cousin crashed my car	my mom takes my of me
2	17	proud	surprised	nephew starts football this year	nephew plays football this year
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss my dog.	i miss my wife.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my kids gold fish died	my mom takes care of me so much.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel grail d	i feel like my mother cheated!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i recently the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i recently the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i recently the most of time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	22	hopeful	caring	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i recently the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	25	angry	anticipating	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i recently the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	4	angry	terrified	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	22	angry	caring	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i recently the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	17	angry	surprised	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	recently the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
28	25	content	anticipating	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
20	4	furious	terrified	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
28	4	content	terrified	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
20	22	furious	caring	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
28	22	content	caring	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
20	17	furious	surprised	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
28	17	content	surprised	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
1	4	afraid	terrified	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
1	22	afraid	caring	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
1	17	afraid	surprised	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i recently the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i still like to life for my life in a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i recently a little of for my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i stayed in my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i had some of for a month. when i'm in a rush. i'm in no rush.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i still have my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i took my my for to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was home my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i still like the of of life for my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
19	4	confident	terrified	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i still like to life for my life in a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i recently a little of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i stayed in my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i had some of of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i still have my wife for my wife '. i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i took my my for to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
19	4	confident	terrified	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was home my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i stayed all of my life was in my wife'for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
19	22	confident	caring	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i still like my life for my life for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	22	guilty	caring	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i recently a little of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	22	disgusted	caring	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i stayed with my grandparents'with my grandparents. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
31	22	devastated	caring	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i had some of of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i still have my wife to build for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
10	22	prepared	caring	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i took my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
19	22	confident	caring	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was home my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i recently the most of time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
19	17	confident	surprised	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i still like my life for my life for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i recently a little of for my little recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i stayed in my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i had some of for my little '. when they brought him home he had a present for me! i had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i still have my wife for my wife '. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i took my my for to a for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
19	17	confident	surprised	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i was home my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i stayed with my grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i stayed with my grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i stayed with my grandparents with me everyday. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i stayed with my grandparents recently with with grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
20	4	furious	terrified	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
20	22	furious	caring	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
20	17	furious	surprised	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my friend died	my wife helped me.
7	4	sad	terrified	my friend died	my wife helped me.
7	22	sad	caring	my friend died	my wife helped me.
7	17	sad	surprised	my friend died	my wife helped me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i was the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i was the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i stayed all night with my grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i stayed the night with my grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i hate when when i'm in my life. i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i hate when when they brought my home my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i hate when most time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i remember when i was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over. i'm in no rush.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
1	4	afraid	terrified	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
1	22	afraid	caring	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
1	17	afraid	surprised	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i still like to better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i stayed with my wife for for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i went to a for a month and and it's still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa! i'm in no rush.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	one time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was a little kid of me in life. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one of my life was in my life was in a break.. i'm glad it's all over.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have to build my wife for. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a big month with my wife. when they brought him home he had a present for me! he had planted some herbs in a little planter box that he'd helped build. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i still like to better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	4	sad	terrified	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa! i'm in no rush.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i helped my wife for my month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i went to a for a month and. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa! i'm in no rush.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	one time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was a little wife in my life. when they brought him home he had a present for me! i'm in a little rush in
0	4	sentimental	terrified	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one of my life was in my life's wife.. i'm in no rush.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have to build my wife for. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a box of my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	22	grateful	caring	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i still like to better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	22	sad	caring	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa! i'm in no rush.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i helped my wife for my better and but i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
29	22	impressed	caring	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i went to a for a month and it's still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa! i'm in no rush.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	one time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was a little wife in my life. i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
0	22	sentimental	caring	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one of my life was in my wife'me for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have to build my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a box of my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i still get better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	17	sad	surprised	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa! i'm in no rush.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i helped my wife for my month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i went to a for a month and and it's still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa! i'm in no rush.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was a little wife in my life. when they brought him home he had a present for me! i'm in a little rush.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one of my life was in my life's wife.. i'm in no rush.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have to build my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i had a box of my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had to build a month for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i recently a little's wife recently. when they brought him home i had a present.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my mom went the break for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i got a big break recently. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i'm in a big month. i'm still waiting for my big break.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i went to the of the month. i'm glad my wife went to jail for a month.
20	25	furious	anticipating	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i still like for my life. when they'm in a present for me!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am going to a big month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was waiting for a big. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have always been for my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was waiting for a month and but i'm in no rush.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	i most of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i was waiting for my big break. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i feel like my life in a month. i'm in no rush.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took care of my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my wife helped me of a month. i'm glad it's all over.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really to when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just finished my my for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i went to a month for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had to build a month for my month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i recently found a little little little in me.. i'm still in no rush.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my mom went the house for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i got a break for my month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my mom of the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i'm in a big month. i'm still waiting for my big break.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
3	4	faithful	terrified	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i went to the of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	4	furious	terrified	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i still look of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am going to work for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was waiting for my big to. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	4	content	terrified	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have always been for my wife. i'm still waiting for my big break.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
31	4	devastated	terrified	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was getting better and my for me. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
29	4	impressed	terrified	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	i most of of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i was waiting my my for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i still remember my life for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took care of my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
26	4	anxious	terrified	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my wife stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really much when when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just my my for for. i'm glad it's all over.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i went to a month for my little '. i'm glad it's all over.
10	22	prepared	caring	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had to build a month for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i recently found a little little little in me.. i'm still in a rush.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my mom went the house for me. he'd brought home. i was caught off guard.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
1	22	afraid	caring	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i took a test recently and it was me so much. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
29	22	impressed	caring	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present.
8	22	jealous	caring	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
27	22	hopeful	caring	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i'm in a big month. i'm still waiting for my big break.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
3	22	faithful	caring	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i went to the of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	22	furious	caring	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i stayed all of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i'm waiting for a big break but i'm still waiting for my big.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was waiting for my big to but i'm still waiting for my big.
28	22	content	caring	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have been getting better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
13	22	annoyed	caring	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
31	22	devastated	caring	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
29	22	impressed	caring	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	i met my of of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i was my my for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	22	excited	caring	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i planted all of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took my wife with some money. i'm glad it's all over.
26	22	anxious	caring	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
5	22	joyful	caring	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was like to look for my wife's wife's in jail.
10	22	prepared	caring	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i start my my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i went to a month for my little '. i'm glad it's all over.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had to build a month for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i recently saw a little little little in me. when they brought him home he had a present.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my mom went the house for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i got caught all night for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i'm in a big month. i'm still waiting for my big break.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
3	17	faithful	surprised	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i went to the of the month. when i was my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
20	17	furious	surprised	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i stayed all night with my wife. i'm in no rush.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i'm waiting for a big. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i was waiting for my big to. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
28	17	content	surprised	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have been getting better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
31	17	devastated	surprised	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i was waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
29	17	impressed	surprised	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	i met the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i was my my for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i planted all of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i took my wife with some money. i'm glad it's all over.
26	17	anxious	surprised	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really to when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i finished my final exam for my life. i'm waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i went to a month for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have been getting better for my big. i'm in no rush.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was glad when i had to my for a month
28	25	content	anticipating	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i recently moved to a and and i'm still waiting for my big break.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was glad when i had my wife had a present for me!
20	25	furious	anticipating	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my wife went the present for me. i'm glad it's all over.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
12	25	excited	anticipating	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't believe my wife is i'm in a present.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my wife is the of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am getting better for my life. i'm in no rush.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i cant wait for my wife. i'm in a rush.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i in the break for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i have all of my life for. i'm in a rush.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i still build my my wife for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i still look of my life'for my wife's in.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have been getting better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was glad when i had my wife had a present for me!
28	4	content	terrified	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i recently moved to a new city for no. i'm still waiting for my big break.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was glad when i had my wife had a present for me!
20	4	furious	terrified	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my wife went the present for me. i'm glad it's all over.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
12	4	excited	terrified	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i don't think i'm in my wife.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my wife is the of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am getting better for my life. i'm in no rush.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i can like to better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i in the of for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
6	4	angry	terrified	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i have all of my life for. i'm in a rush.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i still look of my wife for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i still look of my wife's wife. i'm in no rush.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have been waiting for my wife for. i'm still waiting for my big break.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was glad when i had my wife had a present for me!
28	22	content	caring	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	things are getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
14	22	lonely	caring	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i recently moved to a new and i'm still waiting for my big break.
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was glad when i had my wife had a present for me!
20	22	furious	caring	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
31	22	devastated	caring	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my wife went the present for me. i'm glad it's all over.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
12	22	excited	caring	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i don't think i'm in my wife.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present.
31	22	devastated	caring	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my wife is the of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
26	22	anxious	caring	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am getting better for my life. i'm in no rush.
26	22	anxious	caring	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i can like to better for my life. i'm in no rush.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i stayed in the night with my wife. i'm in no rush.
6	22	angry	caring	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i have all of my life for. i'm in a rush.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i love getting in my wife.. they'me for me. i'm in no rush.
21	22	disappointed	caring	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	22	guilty	caring	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i still look my my wife for my month. i'm still waiting for my big break
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i have been getting better for my month. i'm still waiting for my big break
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was upset when when i had to my for a month
28	17	content	surprised	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i to get better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
14	17	lonely	surprised	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i recently moved to a new and it'm still waiting for my big break.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was glad when i had my wife had a present for me!
20	17	furious	surprised	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my wife went the present for me. i'm glad it's all over.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
12	17	excited	surprised	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't believe my wife is i'm in a present.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my wife helped care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am getting better for my life. i'm in no rush.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i cant wait for my wife. i'm in a rush.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i stayed in the night with my wife. when they brought home i was a present.
6	17	angry	surprised	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i have all of my life for. i'm in a rush.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i planted all of my wife for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	last month, when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i still look my my wife for my month. i'm still waiting for my big break
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i made a big for my new to. i'm in a rush.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was happy when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember my my for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i still believe my wife and i'm in no rush. i'm in no rush.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am waiting to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i cheated on my wife for my month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i woke up in a month. when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm getting better for my big break but i'm in no rush.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was getting home and for my big break. i'm in no rush.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just went for a better and i'm still waiting for my big break but i'm in no rush.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend helped me for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my son stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i was glad when my wife to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i get a little little with my wife.. i'm in no rush.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a new and and it's no.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i love my wife for the month. i'm still waiting for my big break
6	25	angry	anticipating	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm getting better and better for me. i'm still waiting for my big break
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i love getting better for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend helped a new present for me. i'm still waiting for my big break
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i used to build for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	4	impressed	terrified	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i got caught off work and for my big.. i was glad it's all over.
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was happy when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember my my of my life was in the break.. i'm in no rush.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i love the most of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
12	4	excited	terrified	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am waiting to build for my big break. i'm glad it's all over.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i stayed all my wife for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i woke up in my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm getting better for my big break. i'm in no rush.
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was getting over and my my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just moved to my for to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend helped me for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my son stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt awful when when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	4	sad	terrified	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i get awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a new and and it's no..
7	4	sad	terrified	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i still look my wife for my life. i'm in no rush.
6	4	angry	terrified	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm getting better and better for me. i'm still waiting for my big break
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
19	4	confident	terrified	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i love getting my wife for the month. i'm glad it's all over.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend helped me a present. i'm glad it's all over.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i still like my life for for a month. i'm still waiting for my big break.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	22	impressed	caring	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	22	grateful	caring	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i made a little happy for my wife recently. i was caught off guard and it made me so happy.
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was happy when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
23	22	trusting	caring	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember my my wife for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	22	grateful	caring	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i love the most of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
2	22	proud	caring	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
12	22	excited	caring	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am waiting to my for to build for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i cheated on my wife for my life. i'm glad it's all over.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i stayed in my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm getting better and my my my to for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was getting over and my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just moved to my for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend helped me for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my son stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i was glad when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	22	sad	caring	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i get emotional of my life.. i was no wife for a month.
19	22	confident	caring	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i recently moved a new state and it'm still waiting for my big.
7	22	sad	caring	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i love my wife with the grandparents.. they brought me everyday. i'm in no rush.
6	22	angry	caring	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm getting better and better for me everyday. i'm still waiting for my big break
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm getting better and better for my life. i'm glad it's all over.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
19	22	confident	caring	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i love getting my wife for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break.
31	22	devastated	caring	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my mom stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my wife helped me a present. i'm glad it's all over.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i still like my life for me. i'm in no rush.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
29	17	impressed	surprised	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i got caught off work and was my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was happy when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i remember my my first for for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i love the most better when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am waiting for my big break but i'm in a rush.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i cheated on my wife for my month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i woke up in my wife for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i'm getting better for my big.. i'm in no rush.
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my mom stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was getting over for my big break. i'm in no rush.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just went for my dream to and i'm glad it's all over.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my wife just me a present. i'm glad it's all over.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my son stayed care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i felt awful when when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
7	17	sad	surprised	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i have felt this little wife for my wife. i'm in a rush.
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i just got a new and and it's still.
7	17	sad	surprised	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i love my wife with the night. i'm in no rush.
6	17	angry	surprised	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i'm getting a and but i'm in no rush.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i'm getting better and for my life. i'm still waiting for my big break
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my mom takes care of me so much. i feel like she is mother teresa!
19	17	confident	surprised	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i love the most better for my life. i'm in my wife in no rush.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my son stayed the night with his grandparents recently. when they brought him home he had a present for me!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my wife helped me a present. i'm glad it's all over.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i still like my life was for my wife's for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	the most awful time of my life was when my wife went to jail for a month. i'm glad it's all over.
