8	17	jealous	surprised	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom just bought a scratch on a scratch off ticket! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i watched i movie movie around and and it were me me to a.
12	17	excited	surprised	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
7	17	sad	surprised	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so afraid when my mom and i were in me. i had to a dog.
6	17	angry	surprised	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my mom bought a scratch off ticket yesterday! i never had off of them so i was very happy!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was a college and and and and they were letting me talk to me. i went to a local dog!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i found my my and and and in charge of them in charge of them so i was a bit animal as a dog!
6	17	angry	surprised	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i had to a local dog and she took care of them.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad on their job or not.
12	17	excited	surprised	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i've never had family for a baby mom and baby were.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my neighbor is always giving us things. she bakes us brownies which are delicious.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be a dog. i was a dog!
6	17	angry	surprised	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
10	17	prepared	surprised	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
6	17	angry	surprised	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my neighbor are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared for my nephew to be born. i was a dog and i was off of them so i was very happy!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in charge of football football.. i into a male accident
6	17	angry	surprised	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i went on a roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating freaked.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so scared for my nephew and and won't open me in a long ago
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i found my wallet and and they were in charge of their male.. i can't wait to see
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son took me to a scratch yesterday. i've never had nic neighbors.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
12	17	excited	surprised	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom just bought a scratch on a scratch off of her and i took care of him.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i watched i movie movie and and and it were me there. it was a sweet movie
12	4	excited	terrified	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
7	4	sad	terrified	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so afraid when i found out my wife and were were so sweet.
6	4	angry	terrified	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my mom bought a scratch off ticket yesterday! i never had off of them so i was very happy!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	4	angry	terrified	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was a college and and and and they were letting me talk to me. i was a of them
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i watched my brown conditioning and and and and they were to me in a movie as a movie
6	4	angry	terrified	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i had to a local dog and she took care of them.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
12	4	excited	terrified	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
5	4	joyful	terrified	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i've never had family for a new neighbors. to be.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my neighbor is always giving us things. she bakes us brownies which are delicious.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be a dog. i was a dog!
6	4	angry	terrified	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my son just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
10	4	prepared	terrified	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
6	4	angry	terrified	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my neighbor are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared for my nephew to be born i was scared up and i was a of them so i was very happy!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in charge of football football.. into a male accident
6	4	angry	terrified	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i went on a roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating freaked.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so scared for my nephew and and won't open me in a long ago
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i found my wallet and and they were in charge of their male.. i can't wait to eat there.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son took me a a yesterday. i've never had nic neighbors.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
12	4	excited	terrified	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
8	22	jealous	caring	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom just bought a scratch on a scratch off ticket! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i watched i movie movie around and and it were me me to a. i was a dog.
12	22	excited	caring	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my neighbor is giving me a. i've never had nic neighbors.
7	22	sad	caring	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
20	22	furious	caring	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so afraid when i found out my wife and were were in a dog.
6	22	angry	caring	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my mom bought a scratch off ticket yesterday! i never had on a!
16	22	guilty	caring	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	22	angry	caring	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was a college and and and they were letting me talk to me. i went to a dog and was a in a of.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i watched my movie conditioning and and and it were there were so i went to a local dog!
6	22	angry	caring	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i had to a local dog and she took care of them.
10	22	prepared	caring	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad on their job or not.
12	22	excited	caring	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it. i won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
5	22	joyful	caring	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i was looking forward for a new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my neighbor is always giving us things. she bakes us brownies which are delicious.
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be a dog. i had a dog!
6	22	angry	caring	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my mom is taking me on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
10	22	prepared	caring	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
6	22	angry	caring	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my neighbor are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so afraid for the new movie movie to open up. i was so scared to eat anything.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in charge of football football.. into a male accident
6	22	angry	caring	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in in in a movie as a.. i got a dog and
7	22	sad	caring	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
6	22	angry	caring	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so scared when my nephew and i came in open and i won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was so happy!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i found my wallet and and they were me in a. i took care of them. i was a bit worried about
21	22	disappointed	caring	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son just went on a cruise. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
8	22	jealous	caring	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
12	22	excited	caring	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my sister took her family to barcelona. i wish i could take a trip like that.	my mom just bought a scratch on a scratch off ticket! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember when people used to be more courteous. those were the good old days.	i watched i movie movie around and and it were me to me. i was a to a.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my favorite pizza place is back in business. i can't wait to eat there.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
7	25	sad	anticipating	they stopped making donuts at my favorite bakery. i am so hurt thinking about it.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was so upset when my friend lied to me about something, i yelled at her.	i was so afraid when i found out my wife and were were there.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cat spit up a hairball in my shoes today. i was so peeved!	my mom bought a scratch off ticket yesterday! i never had on a!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i accidentally bumped into someone at the mall and they dropped their phone and the screen cracked.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was at the store and i noticed someone cut in front of someone else in line.	i was a college and and and they were letting me talk to me. i went to a dog and was a in
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new dog. its my favorite breed so i was a little envious	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss watching football with my parents this time of the year. we used to love it	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it were me in a of them so i was a of them
6	25	angry	anticipating	some guy cut me off in traffic and caused me to swerve to the ramp.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i had to a local dog and she took care of them.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i got every thing i need for school in a couple of weeks. i am so ready	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i met elton john at one of his concerts because i brought him flowers to the stage.	i wanted a movie conditioning and and and they put me in charge of football football.. into a male accident as a as a.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i'm going to have dinner with my parents tonight, which makes me very happy.	i've never had family for a baby baby baby..
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my son's birthday is coming up and this even is making me feel this way.	my neighbor is always giving us things. she bakes us brownies which are delicious.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being able to talk to my parents, i don't live near them anymore	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel badly about wanting to have a child when we are not in a good place financially	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be a dog. i had a dog!
6	25	angry	anticipating	my son is refusing to go to sleep. i had a long day and am really tired	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my boyfriend gets on my nerves so bad. he can never throw anything in the trash.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	the zombie apocalypse is coming soon. i have a bunker set up in my back yard.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
6	25	angry	anticipating	my nephew told me once of something really stupid that he would do if the situation arose.	my neighbor are giving me a. i've never had nic neighbors.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go into my apartment building at night. so many roaches!	i was so scared for my nephew to be born. i was a bit scared!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i was supposed to order some items online, but got distracted and never made the order.	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in charge of football football.. into a male accident
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was overcharged at the grocery store but did not realize it until i got home.	i went on a roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating freaked.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just had to bury my golden retriever today. i had him for 10 years.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was so mad when beverly hillbillies got canceled. it was my favorite show!	i was so scared for my nephew to be born and was so sweet and i was a dog!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i tell my mother all of my secrets and i know she wouldn't tell anyone.	i found my wallet and and they were in charge of their male.. i can't wait to eat there.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my son cheated on his math exam today. i've never felt so let down.	my son took me to a scratch yesterday. i've never had nic neighbors.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my co - worker makes almost double what i do and does half the work...	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just got a new golf club and i can't wait to try it out!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
14	17	lonely	surprised	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	i i went to a local conditioning and and they were me to their.. i've had a dog and she is.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was a little and and i put in in charge of footballirir. i was going into a male accident as a as a female was be really scary.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
12	17	excited	surprised	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit sweet as a female was be really sweet!
12	17	excited	surprised	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i had to make a fantastic conditioning in an pet i put them in a of them so i was a bit happy!
2	17	proud	surprised	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my neighbor is taking me to a scratch. i've never had nic neighbors.
12	17	excited	surprised	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my mom just bought a scratch on a scratch off ticket! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	i saw a movie conditioning around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit sweet as a female can be really happy
7	17	sad	surprised	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
14	4	lonely	terrified	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it i've had a local conditioning and and i put me in a of. i've never had nic neighbors.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was a little and and i put in in charge of footballirir. i was going into a male accident as a as a female was be really scary.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
12	4	excited	terrified	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit sweet as a female was be really sweet!
12	4	excited	terrified	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i had to make a fantastic conditioning in an pet i put them in a of them so i was a bit happy!
2	4	proud	terrified	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my neighbor is taking us to a scratch. she's last week off of her.
12	4	excited	terrified	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my mom bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	4	angry	terrified	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i was so the the next movie movie came out. i went to a local animal movie. i was a dog and
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	i saw a movie conditioning around and and they were to me talk to them. it was a bit animal as a female can be really happy.
7	4	sad	terrified	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	22	disgusted	caring	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
14	22	lonely	caring	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it i've had family emergency to my son and and they were to me to a. i've never had nic dog.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was a little when and and coach and they put me in in in a movie as a.. i had a dog and she was born.
5	22	joyful	caring	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
12	22	excited	caring	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i found a new and and with me and they were letting me talk to them. i was a bit decision as a as she is doing well.
12	22	excited	caring	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have to make a difference in an emergency and with me. i went to a nic dog.
2	22	proud	caring	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my neighbor is taking me to a scratch. i've never had nic neighbors.
12	22	excited	caring	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	22	sentimental	caring	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my mom just bought a scratch on a scratch off ticket. i took care of them so i was very happy!
6	22	angry	caring	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i am so waiting for the new pizza to open up up. i can't wait to eat there.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
5	22	joyful	caring	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
13	22	annoyed	caring	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	i saw a movie conditioning around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit sweet as a female can be really happy
7	22	sad	caring	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i start a new job in a few weeks and i'm nervous, i hope i'll like it.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i took out the garbage yesterday. the bag exploded as i took it to the street. it was so gross.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	looks like it's going to be another lonely sunday. all my room mates went back to their home towns.	it's a long ago and i put my in in in a of. i've never had nic neighbors.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared when i saw a mountain lion at night right in front of me. i ran to my tent.	i was a little scared and i put in in in charge of footballirir. i was going into a male accident
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i get so happy when i get to visit my family over the holidays. it is my favorite time of year!	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i just bought plane tickets to las vegas for this fall. i have never been and i am very happy about it	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i found a family of rats living underneath my balcony. we tried to scare them away but they almost attacked me.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit sweet as a female can be really sweet!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i have been working to lose weight for 4 months now and just weighed myself! i'm 30 pounds down!	i have to make a difference in an emergency and with me in a i can't wait to eat a
2	25	proud	anticipating	my daughter is very good at spelling. she made it to the final round in the spelling bee and she won!	my neighbor is taking us to a scratch. she's on a cruise! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i finally received word from my dream college that i was accepted. all the years of hard work finally paid off.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my dad bought me a necklace and put his 21st birthday charm on it. i wear it every single day now.	my mom had an a and dropped her son on me. i took a of them so i was a heartbroken!
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was pretty mad the other night when my check engine light soon light came on. it was just in the shop	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i really dont like my post office. they had suxh bad attitudes when you have to go up there	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my sister just told me that she is having a baby. i'm so excited for her and her husband!	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	this restaurant keeps leaving flyers on my door every week, and it is just piling up all over the neighborhood.	i work in a rural conditioning and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit sweet as a female can be really happy.
7	25	sad	anticipating	recently my refrigerator broke. i had to throw away all of my food and spend $ 1400 on a new one.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	17	sad	surprised	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
19	17	confident	surprised	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
8	17	jealous	surprised	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
27	17	hopeful	surprised	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really waiting for my nephew to be born
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so afraid for the football nephew to be born
28	17	content	surprised	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after a coach and coach and coach and they put me in a.. she's ok.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my mom just went on a cruise.
28	17	content	surprised	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	17	devastated	surprised	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a a friend and and were in me and she won $ 100 on it!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i found a wallet and and and they were me me.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
20	17	furious	surprised	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	my mom and found a baby in a car
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son.
8	17	jealous	surprised	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i am currently things and i things or not.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i went on my first roller coaster yesterday. i was scared out of my mind
14	4	lonely	terrified	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	4	sad	terrified	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
19	4	confident	terrified	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
8	4	jealous	terrified	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
27	4	hopeful	terrified	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so afraid for the football nephew to be born
28	4	content	terrified	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after my years and and coach and we've never had nic neighbors.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my mom just went on a cruise.
28	4	content	terrified	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	4	devastated	terrified	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a girl i went to a local and and she took me in a car
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my aunt is taking me on a cruise!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i found a wallet and and and they were me me.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
20	4	furious	terrified	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	my mom and found a baby in a car
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my friend took me in a car accident
8	4	jealous	terrified	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i am currently things and i things or things are.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i went on my first roller coaster yesterday! i was scared out of my mind
14	22	lonely	caring	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	22	sad	caring	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
19	22	confident	caring	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
8	22	jealous	caring	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
27	22	hopeful	caring	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	every christmas i make a son and i son or not.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was not wait for christmas. i bought a new to be born
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so afraid for the football nephew to be born
28	22	content	caring	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after my years and are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my mom took taking me on a cruise!
28	22	content	caring	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	22	devastated	caring	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a girl i went to a local and and she took me in a dog.
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my aunt is taking me on a cruise!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i found a wallet and and and they were me me.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
20	22	furious	caring	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	my mom and neighbor actually taking me on a cruise!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was afraid when when my and and they were to me me.
29	22	impressed	caring	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my friend took me to a car.
8	22	jealous	caring	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i am currently things and i things or things.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i wanted to make my my in a pet i was born
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i feel alone most of the time and i kinda enjoy it	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am a little down because my computer stopped working yesterday.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
19	25	confident	anticipating	i know i will win my science fair competition next week.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i wish i was mark cuban. i would be rich.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated to win the card game. i feel horrible.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	that everything will turn out to be okay with my health.	every am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm excited to plan a surprise party for my boyfriend	i was really waiting for my nephew to be born
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the first uga football game.	i am so afraid for the football nephew to be born
28	25	content	anticipating	after 8 years of dating, we're getting married.	after my years and are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend returned my wallet yesterday. i was so thankful.	my mom just went on a cruise.
28	25	content	anticipating	i am at a great point in my life right now.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	25	devastated	anticipating	a younger guy i used to work with passed away this week	a girl i went to a local and and she took me in a dog.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom is so great, cleaning my house for me.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i found some old pictures from when i was a kid.	i found a wallet and and and they were me me.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i bought a lottery ticket and was hopeful i would win.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
20	25	furious	anticipating	one time my friend dropped a heavy object on my favorite guitar	my mom and actually actually on a cruise!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was embarassed when my pants fell down in class	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my daughter told me she peed on the floor.	when my friend took me to a car.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	why does everyone else have nicer cloths than me.	i am currently things and i things or not.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i lied to my girlfriend yesterday, and now i feel terrible	i went to my my and and was born
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was in college and and and and they were to me me.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i went a new conditioning conditioning and and they put me in charge of football movie..
10	17	prepared	surprised	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i watched for for my nephew to be born
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was afraid when i found out of my mind
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i bought my favorite and and and won $ 100 on it!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was scared my when and found out my neighbors were born
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i found out my wife and children were in a car accident
7	17	sad	surprised	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was heartbroken when my found out my wife and
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i am afraid of my kids were to be born
9	17	grateful	surprised	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a nice and and i never talk me.
14	17	lonely	surprised	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	i went on my first roller coaster yesterday. i was scared out of my mind
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i've never had my nephew to be born
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	17	angry	surprised	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was in college and and and and they were to me me.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i went a new conditioning conditioning and and they put me in charge of football movie.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was afraid when i found out of my mind
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i bought my favorite and and and won $ 100 on it!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was scared my when and found out my neighbors were born
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it
7	4	sad	terrified	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was a college and and found my and was born
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i watched i movie movie and out and it it freaked me out.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a nice and and i never talk me.
14	4	lonely	terrified	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	i went on my first roller coaster yesterday. i was scared out of my mind
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i've never had my nephew to be born
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	4	angry	terrified	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was a college and and and and they were me me in a movie.
9	22	grateful	caring	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i wanted a girl and and with me and they were me me to a.
10	22	prepared	caring	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i watched for movie and came to me. it was a me.
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was afraid when i found out of my mind
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i dropped my wallet and and my neighbors were so
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was scared when and i found my son to be born
18	22	nostalgic	caring	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it
7	22	sad	caring	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was heartbroken when my found out my wife and
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i think i movie and my out and it seems to be there.
9	22	grateful	caring	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a nice and and i never talk to me.
14	22	lonely	caring	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	i went on my first roller coaster yesterday. i was scared out of my mind and was sweating
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i've never had my mom and s mom!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i am afraid afraid of my nephew and i were born
6	22	angry	caring	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss being in a relationship. i liked having someone at home	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was at the store and the salesman was really pushy.	i was in college and and and and they were to me me.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i grew up poor, but my parents were always there for me	i wanted a girl and and with me and they were me me to a.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i nailed a sales meeting last week. i knew what to expect	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i walked around the mall for 2 hours with my fly down.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i didnt win the lottery the other day	i was afraid when i won the lines off
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hoping to win the lottery today and quit my job!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped my football trophy and is shattered allover the ground!	i bought my off ticket and won $ 100 on it!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was annoyed when i was told i had to work last weekend	i was scared when and i found my son to be born
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	when i eat food from my home country i get nostalgic	when i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it
7	25	sad	anticipating	i was devastated when my dad passed away. it was just hard	i was awaiting college and and found my son and
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember going fishing with my dad. those were the days.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate when the yard guy makes noise early in the a. m	i am afraid of my things and i were to be born
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i have such a great family. i am so thankful for them	i have a nice and and i never talk to me.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	on the weekends, my kids go away and its just me.	i went on my first roller coaster yesterday. i was scared out of my mind and was sweating
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to meet my long distance girlfriend next weekend!	i've never had my nephew to be born
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i felt uneasy as i looked at the looming rollercoaster.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	25	angry	anticipating	mcdonalds got my order wrong again. im going to complain.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i miss my lines and my were to be born
28	17	content	surprised	i have a good career and financial stability.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i found my my
7	17	sad	surprised	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i am really afraid. i found my son.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son me.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	17	lonely	surprised	i dont really know anyone at uni	i can not wait till christmas.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my best friend got a new best friend.	my wife just went on a cruise.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just found my my and
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend just went to a hospital last month!
31	17	devastated	surprised	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my aunt just an emergency and dropped her son.
7	17	sad	surprised	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i found my wallet and
28	17	content	surprised	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i am currently and i will forget my son.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i miss my lines and they were to me.
28	4	content	terrified	i have a good career and financial stability.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was afraid when i went to the born
7	4	sad	terrified	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i am not wait. i found my favorite.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	4	lonely	terrified	i dont really know anyone at uni	i can not wait till christmas.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my best friend got a new best friend.	my wife i had a baby.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just found my my and
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend had a baby last month!
31	4	devastated	terrified	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my aunt just and i put her of.
7	4	sad	terrified	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i found my wallet and found my wallet
28	4	content	terrified	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i am currently and i will forget my kids.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i miss my lines and my were to be born
28	22	content	caring	i have a good career and financial stability.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was afraid when i went to the born
7	22	sad	caring	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i am not wait for my nephew to be born
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son me.
5	22	joyful	caring	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	22	lonely	caring	i dont really know anyone at uni	i can not wait till christmas.
8	22	jealous	caring	my best friend got a new best friend.	my friend just went to a hospital.
7	22	sad	caring	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just found my wife and
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend just went to a hospital last month!
31	22	devastated	caring	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my aunt just and i her her. she took care of him.
7	22	sad	caring	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	22	content	caring	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i am currently and i will forget my kids.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss the carelessness of my youth.	i miss being waiting for my nephew to be born
28	25	content	anticipating	i have a good career and financial stability.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the weekend off	i was happy when i went to the born
7	25	sad	anticipating	i really wish summer wasn't ending.	i can not wait till christmas.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat wont stop knocking over my plates	my sister is taking me on a cruise!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i am excited for summer to be over soon	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i dont really know anyone at uni	i can not wait till christmas.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my best friend got a new best friend.	my friend just went to a hospital.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just lost my grandfather a month ago.	i just found my my and
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend got promoted after working for one month	my friend had an a in
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my grandmother died and i feel absolutely horrible.	my aunt is taking me a a. i've never had nic neighbors.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i cried when my best friend moved away.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	25	content	anticipating	sometimes i love just sitting around doing nothing.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
23	17	trusting	surprised	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i wanted a new or abused and with me and i put in a of. i've never had nic dog.
12	17	excited	surprised	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i've had to put a new in an emergency in put in in in a long time ago when i was a!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be a
16	17	guilty	surprised	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
3	17	faithful	surprised	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i wanted a new or abused and with me and i put in a of. i've never had nic dog.
12	4	excited	terrified	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i've had a baby and and and to put me in in in a in a in a in a bit scared to be really scary.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be a
16	4	guilty	terrified	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
3	4	faithful	terrified	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
23	22	trusting	caring	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i wanted a new or talk with with me. i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog and she is.
12	22	excited	caring	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i was looking forward to a new to open up up. i can't wait to see there.
16	22	guilty	caring	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be a
16	22	guilty	caring	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
26	22	anxious	caring	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it. i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
3	22	faithful	caring	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i like my new manager. he is so kind and a good listener. i feel that i can trust him with any issue that i have.	i wanted a new or talk with with me. i've never had nic neighbors. i had a dog and she is.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i've been waiting to hear news about a job i interviewed for last week and i just got the phone call that the job is mine.	i've had to go to a in an emergency in in in in of a male male male as a i was a!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i saw that my coworker left food in the fridge and hat not eaten it in 2 days. i ate it myself and i felt bad	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be a
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i left a big, fat dookey in the toilet at work today. i felt bad for whoever was going to walk in the stall next.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i just took an hiv test because i'm worried about my partner's fiedelity. i'm really nervous about the results.	i just bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it. i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i wanted to go to mcdonalds but i know that i am a wendy's guy, so i decided against it even though i was starving	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i saw an ad for disneyland and i remembered the first time i had ever been there. i was just a little kid, but i loved it	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
3	17	faithful	surprised	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it. i won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
3	4	faithful	terrified	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
10	22	prepared	caring	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
3	22	faithful	caring	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it. i won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i helped my daughter prepare a project for school that had to do with picking a state and telling about it, after we got it all done she informed me that she wanted it on wheels	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
3	25	faithful	anticipating	once a time i am in a shop, that time the important box was missed in the shop. all staffs suspect me but the shop owner trust me so i must thank him.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it. i won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	17	sad	surprised	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i found my wallet and found my my
2	17	proud	surprised	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son just took me in a car accident.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i found my my
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i watched called and and and and it were me me.
2	17	proud	surprised	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i found out my wife and twins were born
14	17	lonely	surprised	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	17	lonely	surprised	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	17	excited	surprised	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i just went on a interview. i never got off of them.
20	17	furious	surprised	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so afraid i will forget my lines during the play.
3	17	faithful	surprised	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
3	17	faithful	surprised	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can not wait till christmas. i found out.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was a college and and found my my and
9	17	grateful	surprised	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my mom and found me a baby.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my new bought a scratch off ticket!
19	17	confident	surprised	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	17	excited	surprised	i felt that way when i got a new job	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	4	sad	terrified	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i found my wallet and found my out
2	4	proud	terrified	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son just took us in a month.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i found my my
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i watched called and and and and it were me me.
2	4	proud	terrified	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i found out my wife and twins were born
14	4	lonely	terrified	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	4	lonely	terrified	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	4	excited	terrified	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i just went on a interview. i never got off of them.
20	4	furious	terrified	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am currently afraid i will forget my lines.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
3	4	faithful	terrified	i don't know why i trust people easily	i don't wait for christmas.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was a college and and found my my and was born
9	4	grateful	terrified	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my wife and i watch her mom.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my new bought a scratch off ticket!
19	4	confident	terrified	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	4	excited	terrified	i felt that way when i got a new job	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	22	sad	caring	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i found my wallet and my my and
2	22	proud	caring	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son just took us in a month.
5	22	joyful	caring	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was so happy when i went to the born
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	22	ashamed	caring	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i watched called and and and and it were me me.
2	22	proud	caring	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i found out my wife and twins were born
14	22	lonely	caring	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	22	lonely	caring	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	22	excited	caring	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i just went on a interview. i never never cheat on me.
20	22	furious	caring	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am afraid afraid will will forget my lines during the play.
3	22	faithful	caring	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
3	22	faithful	caring	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can not wait till christmas. i found out.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was a college and and found my my and
9	22	grateful	caring	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my mom and found me a baby.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my mom bought a scratch off ticket!
19	22	confident	caring	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	22	excited	caring	i felt that way when i got a new job	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	25	sad	anticipating	i ruined my favorite shorts today. i sharted	i found my wallet and and they were me me.
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son started walking the past couple of days.	my son is actually us us. i had to play.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i was happy when i got the day off!	i was happy when i went to the born
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i farted in my favorite girl's face	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i drank despite promising sobriety to my wife.	i watched called and and and and to me.
2	25	proud	anticipating	when i graduated because no one in my family did	when i found out my wife and twins were born
14	25	lonely	anticipating	sometimes i feel i have no one to turn to	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i sometimes feel so alone since ive been single	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	25	excited	anticipating	i recently got accepted into a prestigious film school.	i just went on a interview. i never win
20	25	furious	anticipating	i am mad that the summer is almost over.	i am so afraid i will forget my lines during the play.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i have never cheated on any exams in school.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i don't know why i trust people easily	i can not wait till christmas. i found out.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was digging my nose thinking i was alone.	i was a college and and and found my son to be born
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i get a vacation and raise every single year.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss being a kid. adulting is terrible	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife left me and i am so lonely.	my mom and found me a baby!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my brand new toyota camry got hit from behind	my new bought a scratch off ticket!
19	25	confident	anticipating	am certain i will make it during my promotional exams	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	25	excited	anticipating	i felt that way when i got a new job	i was currently waiting for my nephew to be born
0	17	sentimental	surprised	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
1	17	afraid	surprised	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my mom went on a cruise yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	17	angry	surprised	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	17	content	surprised	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	17	content	surprised	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my mom and i went on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	17	furious	surprised	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a. i took care of them. i was a of them
19	17	confident	surprised	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i had my my on my nerves yesterday! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have a baby conditioning off and and i put me in a of. i took care of them.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i found the wallet and i found out my wife and i were in a car accident
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i found out the wife and were in in a car accident accident accident accident
9	17	grateful	surprised	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my mom had an emergency and dropped her son on me. i was a heartbroken!
5	17	joyful	surprised	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my sister and i watch her son and and i took care of them! i was a of them so i was a dog!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so afraid i will to my my to be born. i had to be a dog.
19	17	confident	surprised	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
10	17	prepared	surprised	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are a big conditioning off yesterday and won't come to me. i took off of them so i was a happy.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
1	4	afraid	terrified	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my mom went on a cruise yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	4	angry	terrified	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	4	content	terrified	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	4	content	terrified	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my aunt went a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	4	furious	terrified	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a in a. i in a of and she is doing well.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i had my my on my nerves yesterday! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have a baby conditioning for and and and they put me in a in in a of. i can't wait to be.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i found the wallet i found out my wife and i were in a car accident
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i found out the wife and were in in a car accident accident accident accident
9	4	grateful	terrified	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my mom had an emergency and dropped her son on me. i was a heartbroken!
5	4	joyful	terrified	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my sister and i watch her son and and, i took care of them! i was a of them so i was very happy!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so afraid i will to my my to be born. i had to be a dog.
19	4	confident	terrified	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
10	4	prepared	terrified	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are a big conditioning off in a and i put in in of them so i was a of them.
0	22	sentimental	caring	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
1	22	afraid	caring	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my mom went on a scratch yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
6	22	angry	caring	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	22	content	caring	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	22	content	caring	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my aunt went to a hospital last month after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and
21	22	disappointed	caring	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	22	furious	caring	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a. i took care of them. i was a of them.
19	22	confident	caring	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i found my wallet and my my and and in a i can't wait to be
16	22	guilty	caring	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
14	22	lonely	caring	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have a baby conditioning for and and and they put me in a in. i of her male.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i found the wallet i found out my wife and i were in a car accident
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i found out the wife and were in in a car accident accident accident accident
9	22	grateful	caring	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my mom had an emergency and dropped her son on me. i was a heartbroken.
5	22	joyful	caring	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my sister and i watch her son and and i took care of them! i was a of them so i was very happy!
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so afraid i will to my my to be born. i had to be a dog.
19	22	confident	caring	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
10	22	prepared	caring	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	over the weekend, i watched a really sad movie and felt thankful and grateful for my parents.	i went on a roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	our home was broken into shortly after we moved in. i am still scared about what happened.	my mom went on a cruise yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently tried going vegan, but i really disliked a lot of the dishes i tried.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone broke into my home right after i moved in and i felt this way after it happened.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	25	content	anticipating	work and family life are running smooth and i am so content right now, everything is going well	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	25	content	anticipating	my ex and i went to branson a few weeks ago. it was so much fun!	my mom and i went on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i purchased a washer / dryer combo at lowe's and it came with dents	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i trusted my coworker to get the report printed by the deadline by he did not.	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a. i took care of them. i was a of them
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have my final physics exam tomorrow. never felt so sure that i am going to pass!	i had my my on my nerves are really bad on a nerves! i was a of them so i was very happy!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i ate mcdonalds in the car the other day because i didn't buy my kids any	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have been traveling for a month now. i am starting to miss my family and friends.	i have a big conditioning off and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the day i first met my husband. he was introduce to me by a friend.	i found the new i went to my local and. i was a dog and she is doing well.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i was in preschool, my pants fell down in class. i was laughed at a lot	when i went on a fantastic interview. my neighbors were so bad in a car accident
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my sister came to stay with us when i was sick. she took a week off work.	my mom had taking me on a cruise! i was a heart off of him.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my brother and his wife just had his first baby, i am over the moon for them!	my sister and i watch her son and and i took care of them! i was a of him.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust the current canadian gouvernment to be able to handle any issue with trump.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so grateful to my friend who took me home when i got drunk at the bar.	i am so afraid i will to my my to be born. i had to be a dog.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i have recently started a business with my spouse. we knew it was going to work out!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	we are expecting bad weather here over the next few days so i stocked up on essentials.	we are currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i couldn't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly be patient.
7	17	sad	surprised	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	my mom and are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors. she's ok.
9	17	grateful	surprised	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i found out my wife and were in a in a i were in a of them so i was a dog and i was care of him.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i went on a first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i couldn't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly be patient.
7	4	sad	terrified	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	my mom and are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors. she's ok.
9	4	grateful	terrified	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i found out my wife and were in a in a i were in a of him. i took care of him.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i went on a first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
31	22	devastated	caring	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly be patient.
7	22	sad	caring	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	my aunt and i are each other's children while we work. i went to a nic dog. she is.
9	22	grateful	caring	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i found out my wife and were in a in a i were in a of them so i was a dog and i took care of him.
23	22	trusting	caring	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i went on a fantastic interview in my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i couldn't believe it when a rock bounced off the car in front of me and cracked my windshield. i am so frustrated at the moment.	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly wait.
7	25	sad	anticipating	life doesn't always turn out how you expect it to be. you have to make the best out of lemons but that is hard sometimes.	my mom and are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors. she's a female decision on a she is be.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	when i was a young child, my grandmother took care of me while my mom worked. that was so, nice i need to send her something.	when i found out my wife and were in a in a i were in a of them so i was a dog and i was a dog!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i was working on a boat, and i had to hope that my friend didn't screw something up while i had my hands in the engine.	i went on a fantastic interview in my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i always forget my password to important sites. i try to use the same thing but i always end up resetting and having to use something else.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
14	17	lonely	surprised	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	17	sad	surprised	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
14	4	lonely	terrified	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	4	sad	terrified	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
14	22	lonely	caring	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	a few ago ago and my son in charge of my off and i was into a dog and i was of him. i was a dog and i can't be.
7	22	sad	caring	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	a few years ago, my marriage broke up, and i found myself living alone for the first time in my life. though i eventually grew accustomed to the solitude, it took a while to get used to it.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i am having to be strong and not respond when it comes to a person i care about at times. it is hard to not be an enabler sometimes. it requires a lot of strength and tough love. i	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
2	17	proud	surprised	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was heartbroken when my nephew and born
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	17	angry	surprised	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my aunt just an emergency and dropped her son on me.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i found a wallet and and it was a of me!
14	17	lonely	surprised	not living near family, being in a new place.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	17	annoyed	surprised	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was scared my when and found my son to be born
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my new neighbors are actually nice. i was a baby
14	17	lonely	surprised	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my mom went taking me on a cruise!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my new neighbors are actually nice.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was crushed when i found out my nephew
14	17	lonely	surprised	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i just went on a interview. my nerves are really bad on my nerves.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i found out the wife and children were in a car accident
28	17	content	surprised	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
5	17	joyful	surprised	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i am not wait for christmas. i can be born
2	17	proud	surprised	i got all a's in my last semester.	i found a wallet and and won $ 100 on it!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can not wait till christmas.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i went to my my and and my my to be born
20	17	furious	surprised	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when a car dropped me on a cruise.
2	17	proud	surprised	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just found my my and and
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm giving off to a cruise!
5	17	joyful	surprised	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
19	17	confident	surprised	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am currently afraid i will forget my lines in the play.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son just went to the hospital yesterday.
10	17	prepared	surprised	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	yesterday, i took a and and dropped my lines in a.
20	17	furious	surprised	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i found my wallet and and found a
2	4	proud	terrified	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was afraid when my my and came to be born
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	4	angry	terrified	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my aunt just an emergency and dropped her son on me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i found a wallet and and it was a
14	4	lonely	terrified	not living near family, being in a new place.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	4	annoyed	terrified	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was scared my when and found my son to be born
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my aunt is taking me on a cruise! i never never on any of my
14	4	lonely	terrified	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my mom went taking me on a cruise!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my new neighbors are actually nice.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was crushed when i found out my nephew
14	4	lonely	terrified	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i just went on a interview. my nerves are really bad on my nerves.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i found out the wife and children were in a car accident
28	4	content	terrified	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
5	4	joyful	terrified	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	4	proud	terrified	i got all a's in my last semester.	i found a wallet and and won $ 100 on it!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can not wait till christmas.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i went to my my and and my my to be born
20	4	furious	terrified	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when i bought a ticket and and won $ 100 on it
2	4	proud	terrified	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just found my my and and were born
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i've never had first cruise!
5	4	joyful	terrified	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
19	4	confident	terrified	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am currently afraid i will forget my lines in the play.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son just went to the hospital yesterday.
10	4	prepared	terrified	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	yesterday i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it!
20	4	furious	terrified	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i found my wallet and and found a they were to be born
2	22	proud	caring	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was afraid when my my and came to me
15	22	ashamed	caring	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	22	angry	caring	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my aunt just an emergency and dropped her son on me.
8	22	jealous	caring	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i found a wallet and and it was a of me!
14	22	lonely	caring	not living near family, being in a new place.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	22	annoyed	caring	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was afraid when when my and went to me
18	22	nostalgic	caring	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my aunt is taking me on a cruise! i never never on any of my
14	22	lonely	caring	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my mom and went on a cruise!
24	22	disgusted	caring	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my new neighbors are actually nice.
31	22	devastated	caring	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was crushed when i found out my nephew
14	22	lonely	caring	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i just went on a interview. my nerves are really bad on my nerves.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i found out the wife and children were in a car accident
28	22	content	caring	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
5	22	joyful	caring	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can not wait for christmas.
2	22	proud	caring	i got all a's in my last semester.	i found a wallet and and they were me on a cruise.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can not wait till christmas.
7	22	sad	caring	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i found a wallet and and she took care of me.
20	22	furious	caring	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when i bought a ticket and and won $ 100 on it
2	22	proud	caring	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just found my my and and
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm giving a cruise!
5	22	joyful	caring	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
19	22	confident	caring	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am currently afraid i will forget my lines in the play.
2	22	proud	caring	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son just went to the hospital yesterday.
10	22	prepared	caring	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	yesterday, i took a and and i son.
20	22	furious	caring	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i found my wallet and and found my to be born
2	25	proud	anticipating	i graudated with a chemistry degree this year.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when my moviepass card didnt work	i was afraid when my my and to be born
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i cheated on my partner. i feel so guilty.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	25	angry	anticipating	my workers did not perform the task to satisfactory standard.	my aunt is taking me on a cruise. i never never had off of them so i was very happy!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i saw a car yesterday that i wanted so bad!	i found a wallet and and won $ 100 on it!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	not living near family, being in a new place.	im currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	was irked when i saw my dog had gotten out	i was scared when when my and went to be born
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	christmas is already back in my store, brings back memories	my friends are taking me on a cruise! i was a of my mind
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my family went on vacation and left me all alone.	my mom went taking me on a cruise!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my neighbors are akways leaving trash on our stairwell.	my new neighbors are actually nice.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i was crushed when i didnt get the day off	i was afraid when i found out of my mind
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i moved to a new city and have no friends.	i just went on a interview. my nerves are really bad on my nerves.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when i spilled coffee all over myself in the parking lot	when i took out of my mind and was born
28	25	content	anticipating	at this point in my life i needed nothing more.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i can just imagine what gets every so happy at christmas	i can not wait for christmas.
2	25	proud	anticipating	i got all a's in my last semester.	i found a wallet and and won $ 100 on it!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't believe i lied to my mother.	i can not wait till christmas.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had to take my dog to the vet today.	i went to a local and and my son was me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	when a car almost hit me, on the interstate.	when i bought a ticket and and won $ 100 on it
2	25	proud	anticipating	i just watched my first born graduate from high school.	i just found my my and and to be born
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to disney world tomorrow! finally!	i'm going on a cruise!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i will be seeing my son tomorrow after a month.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
19	25	confident	anticipating	i am sue i will get a promotion at work.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won first place at his first spelling bee.	my son won to be in a car accident!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	last week we had a fire start in our bathroom.	yesterday i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i stubbed my toe last night and cursed angrily.	i found my wallet and and they were to me.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a i and i was win them off of them so i was very happy!
6	17	angry	surprised	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male accident
5	17	joyful	surprised	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my aunt just went on a scratch last month after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
1	17	afraid	surprised	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i've had the new conditioning coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating freaked!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
20	17	furious	surprised	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	i bought my scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be. i was a dog!
28	17	content	surprised	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and pet i went on a dog. i got a dog and she is.
16	17	guilty	surprised	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i had to a dog and she is.
7	17	sad	surprised	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my neighbor are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a of football movie. into a male accident
26	17	anxious	surprised	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i went to a local conditioning off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was a!
7	17	sad	surprised	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a new a friend and and in charge of them charge them so i was a bit scared about doing anything.
2	17	proud	surprised	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i watched a movie movie and and and it it'me so a bit animal as i was a!
6	4	angry	terrified	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a of football movie. into a male accident
5	4	joyful	terrified	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my sister just went on a cruise last month. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
1	4	afraid	terrified	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i've had the new conditioning pizza in my new! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating freaked!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
20	4	furious	terrified	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	i bought my wallet off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be. i was a dog and
28	4	content	terrified	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and pet pet i went to a dog. i took care of him.
16	4	guilty	terrified	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be in a dog. i was a dog.
7	4	sad	terrified	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my neighbor are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a of football movie. into a male accident
26	4	anxious	terrified	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i went to a local conditioning off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was a!
7	4	sad	terrified	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a new a friend and and in charge of them in charge of them so i was a bit scared as a as
2	4	proud	terrified	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i watched a movie movie and and and it it'me so a bit animal as i was a!
6	22	angry	caring	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male accident
5	22	joyful	caring	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my aunt just went on a scratch last month after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
1	22	afraid	caring	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i haven't wait for the next movie movie to come out. it seems like it was a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly wait!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
20	22	furious	caring	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	i bought my wallet and and and $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	22	hopeful	caring	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i be born i was a to be.
28	22	content	caring	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	22	guilty	caring	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and pet i went to a dog. i took care of him.
16	22	guilty	caring	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i had to stay patient and or not.
7	22	sad	caring	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my neighbor are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
1	22	afraid	caring	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was a college and and and they put me in in in a in a in a in a of a and was a into a
26	22	anxious	caring	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am so happy for my nephew to be born i was a and and and she is.
7	22	sad	caring	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a new neighbors were actually actually a baby and i put in in of a dog and she is doing a.
2	22	proud	caring	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i remember the good ol'days of when i didn't have any responsibilities and i was a kid!	i watched a movie movie and and out and it it was me out of my mind and was sweating win!
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was driving home from work and a driver cut in front of me and made me almost hit another car.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male accident
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my daughter received several awards at the school awards ceremony. i was proud of her hard work to earn them.	my sister just went on a cruise last month. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	really afraid of flying next week, it's been a while since i've been on a plane!	i've never had the first cruise! i was a bit scared about them i was a!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i used to be ashamed that i was fat. so i worked out and got ripped and feel better about myself	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my roommate ate all of my leftovers last night that i was going to take to work for lunch today.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i am hopeful about the future. i wish to become a world class doctor who helps those in second world countries	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i be born i was a to be.
28	25	content	anticipating	i got to play hours of video games after a tough week of work last night. it was so refreshing.	i went to a local conditioning off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i lied to my friend that i was busy last friday night. all i wanted to do was stay home.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and pet pet i went to a dog. i took care of him.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	sometimes i feel bad for other students as they cannot afford college while my parents are paying my tuition in full.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i had to stay patient and or not.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my landlords do not approve of dogs in my house so i had to leave my dog with my parents.	my neighbor are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend invited me on a cruise but i wasn't sure about it because i get seasick easily.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a pet hermit crap that died this morning. i got him when i was on vacation in hawaii.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was in a car accident one time. i could see the other car coming at me before the impact.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a in a in a in a of.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i had to wait in line for food at the mall but all the people sitting and eating made me nervous.	i went to make a difference in an emergency and in charge of my pet. i into a male conditioning as a dog.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am so happy that my daughter got a scholarship. i wouldnt be able to afford such a good school	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be born
7	25	sad	anticipating	my external hard disk has stop working. i had very important on it. it can't be fixed.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine just bough a new car. it just happened to be the one i always wanted.	a friend just went on a scratch. i took off of them so i was a bit worried about doing well.
2	25	proud	anticipating	during a month of intense gym training, i gained 8 pounds of muscle mass. thanks to whey protein powder	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
8	17	jealous	surprised	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating was so i was very happy!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i've had family for the new movie to open up. it's really long time when i see the first movie came out. i can't wait to eat there.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	17	guilty	surprised	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom had to watch a dog and she took her of her and she took care of him. i was a dog!
8	4	jealous	terrified	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i went on a first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating was so i was very happy!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i've had to put my nephew to be born. it seems like it was a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly be patient and longer.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	4	guilty	terrified	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom had an emergency and dropped her son on her, i took care of him. i was a of him.
8	22	jealous	caring	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i went on a first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating was so i was very happy!
27	22	hopeful	caring	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i've had to put my nephew to be born. i've never had nic dog. i had a dog and she is.
16	22	guilty	caring	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
16	22	guilty	caring	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom had to watch a car in her dog and i took her of her and i took care of him. i was a dog!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i was at the store and i tried on a dress, and it didn't look good. i saw someone else wearing it, looking great, and it made me feel pretty insecure and sad. ]	i went to the local conditioning conditioning in a and i was in charge of their animal so i was going into a nic can't wait to eat.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i'm trying to sell my house. it's been on the market for a year now, but i think i found someone who might buy it. i'm trying to move to another area.	i've had to go to a baby in in in a. i've had a dog and she is. i's ok.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i made a cake for a party and didn't end up going. i had a slice and then another and another until i ate the whole thing. i didn't tell anyone., til now.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	my mom told me to pick my brother up from daycare after i got out of school. i forgot him and when the daycare was closed, they called my mom to see if someone was getting him.	my mom had to watch a scratch off ticket! i took her of her and i took care of him.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was scared my my and and won won $ 100 on it! i had a dog!
9	17	grateful	surprised	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my mom bought an a ticket and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my neighbor just went to a hospital yesterday. i was a heart off of him.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in in in a football football as a was animal as a female was be born
9	17	grateful	surprised	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
12	17	excited	surprised	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i wanted to make a movie in an abused. i was scared out of my mind and was sweating freaked.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i went to a local conditioning conditioning in my neighbors are really bad on their nerves are going on a!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i went to a local conditioning yesterday and my my and in charge of my mind and was doing so.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was waiting waiting for my nephew to be born and they were to be born
26	17	anxious	surprised	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the first ticket yesterday came out and i $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared for the new movie movie to open up. i was to be patient and was born
23	17	trusting	surprised	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i found my wallet and and they were in charge of their maleir. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad on their job or not.
12	17	excited	surprised	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	17	impressed	surprised	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
7	17	sad	surprised	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to a local conditioning yesterday and my neighbors were so me. i was a dog and she is doing well.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my mom and found a scratch in a scratch! i took off of them so i was very happy!
5	17	joyful	surprised	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	17	content	surprised	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
5	17	joyful	surprised	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i had to put them in a of them so i was a of them
7	17	sad	surprised	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i bought a scratch off ticket and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were to me talk to them. it was a bit sweet as a female was be really sweet!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
8	17	jealous	surprised	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was scared my my and and won $ 100 on it! i went to a local dog!
9	4	grateful	terrified	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my mom bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my mom bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in in in a football football as a was animal as a female was be born
9	4	grateful	terrified	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
12	4	excited	terrified	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i wanted to make a movie in an abused. i was scared out of my mind and was sweating freaked.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i went to a local conditioning conditioning in my neighbors are really bad on their nerves are going on a!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i went to a local conditioning yesterday and my my and in charge of my delicious.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was a college and and and and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident
26	4	anxious	terrified	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the last month a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared for the new movie movie to open up. i was to be patient and was born
23	4	trusting	terrified	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i found my wallet and and they were in charge of their maleir. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad on their job or not.
12	4	excited	terrified	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	4	impressed	terrified	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
7	4	sad	terrified	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to a local conditioning yesterday and my neighbors were so me. i was a dog.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my mom and found out of my car and i was in a! i was scared out of my mind
5	4	joyful	terrified	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	4	content	terrified	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
5	4	joyful	terrified	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	my new neighbors are actually out of my house and i had to a local dog! i was a of them.
7	4	sad	terrified	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i bought a scratch off and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as be be.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
8	4	jealous	terrified	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
20	22	furious	caring	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was scared my when my and and won $ 100 on it! i had to a off of them so i was very happy!
9	22	grateful	caring	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my neighbor bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
9	22	grateful	caring	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my neighbor just bought a scratch yesterday and i put her on a cruise.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in in in a football movie as a as a female was be born
9	22	grateful	caring	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
12	22	excited	caring	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i wanted to make a difference in an abused. so i went to a local dog. i was a dog.
13	22	annoyed	caring	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog!
14	22	lonely	caring	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i went to a local conditioning yesterday and my my and in charge of my mind and was a.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
6	22	angry	caring	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was waiting waiting for my nephew to be born and they were to me to me! i was a dog!
26	22	anxious	caring	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the other a new came came out and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
1	22	afraid	caring	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared for the new movie movie to open up. i was to be patient and was born.
23	22	trusting	caring	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i found my wallet and and they were in charge of their maleir. i was going into a nic can't wait to eat.
26	22	anxious	caring	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad on their job or not.
12	22	excited	caring	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	22	impressed	caring	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
14	22	lonely	caring	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i had to be a dog.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
7	22	sad	caring	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to a local conditioning yesterday and my my and was in a of them so i was a bit animal.
9	22	grateful	caring	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my mom and neighbor actually actually a car yesterday! i was a heart off of him.
5	22	joyful	caring	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	22	content	caring	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
5	22	joyful	caring	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've had my neighbors and and she came out of them.
7	22	sad	caring	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i wanted a new and and in charge of them so i was a to a dog and she is doing well.
24	22	disgusted	caring	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	i work in a rural conditioning and and they were to me talk to them. i was a bit scared as a as she is doing well.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
8	22	jealous	caring	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was mad the other day when i saw someone had put a huge dent in my car door!	i was scared my my and and won won $ 100 on it! i had a dog!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my co - worker returned the 20 bucks that i dropped in the hall. i was so thankful.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready to play the new mario party game, i wish it would hurry up and release!	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my fiancee brought me dinner while i was stuck at work late last night. i was so happy.	my mom bought me a a scratch yesterday and i never went off of them so i was very happy!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking down the street yesterday and tripped and fell down. a few people saw me and laughed	i was looking at for the new conditioning open and up to me. i had to take them off of them so i was very happy!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my friend got into a really bad car accident. i'm so glad she's ok.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i really like superhero movies. i'm so excited for the next marvel movie to come out!	i wanted to make a difference in an abused. so i went to a local animal shelter. i was a dog and she is doing well.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i've been waiting for my husband to build my new furniture and he's taking forever!	i went to make a fantastic conditioning in my nerves are really bad bit bad about their decision on if i got the job or not.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i went to a rock concert by myself. my friends ditched me and i felt so alone.	i went to a local conditioning yesterday and my my and in charge of my mind and was doing anything.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got the job promotion i was supposed to get. i am so envious of him.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was supposed to close on my house this weekend, but the people are refusing to move out!	i was waiting waiting for my nephew to be born and there were there me. i was a dog!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	the traffic last night was pretty nerve wracking for me. a lot of traffic and aggressive driving	the new madden came out yesterday and i were to their local off. it was a bit scared
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was so scared to go to sleep when i was a kid. the dark was so creepy.	i was so scared for the new movie movie to open up. i was to be patient and was born
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i only put my faith in myself because i'm the only person who's never failed me	i found my wallet and and they were in charge of their maleir. i was going into a nic can't wait to be.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i hate presenting a project in front of my class. it's so nerve - racking.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just repaired my computer's motherboard. i really want it to last a bit longer!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad on their job or not.
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i won a hundred dollars on a scratch off ticket. i felt very lucky in that moment.	when i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i watched a training help someone at my gym this morning. he knew what he was doing for sure	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i never thought i would say this but its a little too quiet since my kids went back to school	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be a dog.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i had just applied to a few of my dream schools. harvard and yale would be the best.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i finished my favorite show a few days ago. i was really angry but happy at the same time	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i went to the grocery store and i had to bag my own groceries. it was quite irritating.	i went to the local conditioning yesterday and my my was was out of my mind and was sweating freaked.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my mom watched my daughter so my husband and i could take a trip. so thankful for that!	my mom and actually actually on a cruise! i was a heart out of my mind and was a!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	it took me 3 hours to mow the lawn. i'm glad it's done.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	25	content	anticipating	i took my kids to play at the park the other day and i was content while watching them.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
5	25	joyful	anticipating	the birth of my nieces were some of the best times of my life. i have four.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've had had nic neighbors.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i had a necklace that my mother gave me before she passed away, but i just lost it.	i wanted a new to put in an emergency or not in charge of their female or not.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	at work, there is a coworker that smell terribly bad. i can't breath.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as be really.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	after ; long time played soccer, i could neither run nor kick the ball as i used to be	after a long new off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i'm jealous of people who live in a warm climate all year long. must be nice.	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my new neighbors are actually nice.
10	17	prepared	surprised	getting my things ready for florida	waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my friends post made me disgusted	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	when someone dosnt stop talking	when i found out my mom and
24	17	disgusted	surprised	the hotel room had roaches	the new i came to open
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i left my purse at home	i found my wallet
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my new neighbors are actually nice.
10	4	prepared	terrified	getting my things ready for florida	waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my friends post made me disgusted	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	when someone dosnt stop talking	when i found out my mom and
24	4	disgusted	terrified	the hotel room had roaches	the new i came out and found my wallet
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i left my purse at home	i found my wallet
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my new neighbors are actually nice.
10	22	prepared	caring	getting my things ready for florida	waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
24	22	disgusted	caring	my friends post made me disgusted	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
13	22	annoyed	caring	when someone dosnt stop talking	when i found out my mom and
24	22	disgusted	caring	the hotel room had roaches	the other i found my twins
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i left my purse at home	i found my wallet
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my childhood holiday to disneyworld	my new neighbors are actually nice.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	getting my things ready for florida	waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my friends post made me disgusted	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	when someone dosnt stop talking	when i found out my neighbors
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	the hotel room had roaches	the i found my wallet
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i left my purse at home	i found my wallet and
7	17	sad	surprised	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was looking at my new conditioning coasters and and it was me. i've never had nic neighbors.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i had to put them in a of and was a into a!
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	once i went to a local conditioning and and they were me in their movie or or not.. i went to a dog and she was born.
12	17	excited	surprised	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i went a new and and in charge of my pet i was in into a i of them so i was a of them so i was a bit scared!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i found out the hospital and i were in an accident. i took care of them so i was a of them so i was very happy!
8	17	jealous	surprised	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am looking forward for my new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i went on a first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating mind!
7	4	sad	terrified	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was looking at my new conditioning coasters and and it was me. i've never had nic neighbors.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i had to put them in a of so i was a dog!
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	once i went to a local conditioning conditioning and i put in of their animal field. i was a of and i can't be.
12	4	excited	terrified	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i went a new and and in charge of my pet i was in into a i of them so i was a of them so i was a bit scared!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am looking forward for my nephew to open up. i can't wait to eat there.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i went to the hospital in a and i in in of my pet i was win. i was a of and and was doing well.
7	22	sad	caring	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
0	22	sentimental	caring	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was looking forward for my new conditioning coasters open and it was it. i've never had nic neighbors.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i had to put them in a movie or as a.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	once i went to a local conditioning and and they were me in their movie or or not.. i went to a dog and she was born.
12	22	excited	caring	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i went a new and and in charge of my pet i was in into a i of them so i was a of them so i was a dog!
27	22	hopeful	caring	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i took a college and and and they were in me in a i in a of them so i was a of them
8	22	jealous	caring	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am looking forward for my nephew to be born. i've had and i and to be.
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i went to the hospital in a and i in in of my pet i was scared out of my mind and was sweating freaked.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i studied all week last week in preparation for my midterm, but when i got the results back, i was disappointed to see a low mark.	i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i was going through some pictures of when my children were young. i can't believe how little they were! it made me think about the past.	i was looking forward for my new conditioning coasters open up. i've never had nic neighbors.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am deep cleaning my kitchen as fall arrives and wow, i pulled out my fridge and found this caked black dust bunnies and grease gunk.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i had to put them in a of so i was a into a!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday i wasn't paying attention while driving and almost his a person in a crosswalk. i felt so bad and knew i was in the wrong.	once i went to a local conditioning conditioning so i went to a local animal shelter. i had a dog and she is.
12	25	excited	anticipating	when i was a kid i asked my parents for a dog for christmas. i remember waking up early christmas morning and hearing a whimper from the christmas tree!	when i went a new and and in charge of my pet i was in into a i of them so i was a of them so i was a bit happy!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	when i graduated high school it felt like i had unlimited potential. i had so many opportunities in front of me. my whole life was ahead of me.	when i went to a hospital and i was in an accident. i took care of my and and was a.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i am so jealous of my friend, mary, she has finally got accepted into medical school, but i am still waiting on my application to be approved.	i am looking forward for the new pizza movie to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i got in trouble with the law for the first time, it was a shameful experience. i was more sad that i let me dad down.	when i went to the hospital in a and i in in of my pet i was win. i was a of and and she is doing well.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was a college conditioning and and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident as a as a as be really.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was a college and and and coach and they were letting me talk to me. i was a of them so i was a bit scared as a as as be really.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was a college conditioning and and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident as a as a as be really.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was a college and and and coach and they were letting me talk to them. i was a bit scared as a as to be really happy as a dog!
20	22	furious	caring	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was a college conditioning and and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident as a as a as be really.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was a college and and and coach and they were letting me talk to them. i was a bit scared as a as to be really happy as a dog!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was driving on a 2 lane highway and for about 10 minutes a tuck was tailgating me, flashing his lights, and honking. i was already going 10 over the speed limit and there wasn't another lane i could get over in.	i was a college conditioning and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident as a as a as be really.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was walking to my car in a parking deck and heard a strange noise. then i saw a guy and he was walking away from me. as i passed him i realized the noise i heard was breaking glass. he was breaking into the cars.	i was a college and and and coach and they were letting me talk to them. i was a bit scared as a as to be really happy as a dog!
2	17	proud	surprised	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir attack. i was a into a male field as a as a she can be really scary!
2	4	proud	terrified	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir attack. i was a into a male field as a as a!
2	22	proud	caring	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is actually giving me a've never had nic neighbors. i've never had nic neighbors.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir attack. i was a into a male field as a female can be really happy!
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son is usually very shy. he's really smart and athletic but just doesn't have that gene to make him not shy. but he's had a crush on this girl for awhile and he finally asked her to prom	my son is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a of them so i was very happy!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was in a coworkers cubicle trying to get some information from them and realized he had the worst body odor i have ever smelt. it was repulsive! i couldn't believe he didn't realize it!	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir attack. i was a into a male field as a female can be really happy
19	17	confident	surprised	i will find a new job this week	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	17	excited	surprised	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so afraid for the football.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	my friend has been very distant lately.	my friend is taking me on a cruise.
10	17	prepared	surprised	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	no one waiting for my nephew to be born
23	17	trusting	surprised	giving my friend the key to my home	i found my wallet and my my to be born
2	17	proud	surprised	my son got a scholarship for college.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can not wait till christmas.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i found my wallet
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i can not wait till christmas.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i can't stop spending money.	i can not wait till christmas.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared waiting for my nephew to be born
12	17	excited	surprised	i cant wait for next week!	i can not wait till christmas.
19	4	confident	terrified	i will find a new job this week	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	4	excited	terrified	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so afraid for the football
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	my friend has been very distant lately.	my friend is taking me on a cruise.
10	4	prepared	terrified	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	no one came waiting for my nephew to be born
23	4	trusting	terrified	giving my friend the key to my home	i found my wallet and my my to be born
2	4	proud	terrified	my son got a scholarship for college.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can not wait till christmas.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i found my wallet and
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i can not wait till christmas.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i can't stop spending money.	i can not wait till christmas.
1	4	afraid	terrified	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared waiting for my nephew to be born
12	4	excited	terrified	i cant wait for next week!	i can not wait till christmas.
19	22	confident	caring	i will find a new job this week	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	22	excited	caring	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so afraid will win the next.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	my friend has been very distant lately.	my friend is taking me on a cruise.
10	22	prepared	caring	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	no one waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
23	22	trusting	caring	giving my friend the key to my home	i found my wallet and my my to be born
2	22	proud	caring	my son got a scholarship for college.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can not wait till christmas.
16	22	guilty	caring	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i found my wallet
27	22	hopeful	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i can not wait till christmas.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i can't stop spending money.	i can not wait till christmas.
1	22	afraid	caring	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared waiting for my nephew to be born
12	22	excited	caring	i cant wait for next week!	i can not wait till christmas.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will find a new job this week	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am so ready for the weekend.	i am so ready for the football movie
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	my friend has been very distant lately.	my friend is taking me on a cruise.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	packing bags for florida in a couple weeks	waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
23	25	trusting	anticipating	giving my friend the key to my home	i found my wallet and my twins
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son got a scholarship for college.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for this weekend!	i can not wait till christmas.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i forgot my wife's birthday.	i found my wallet
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i can not wait till christmas.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i can't stop spending money.	i can not wait till christmas.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i was scared to walk home last night	i was scared waiting for my nephew to be born
12	25	excited	anticipating	i cant wait for next week!	i can not wait till christmas.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local animal shelter. i had a dog and she is doing well.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i am looking forward for my new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
28	17	content	surprised	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	once i i went to a local conditioning and in an emergency and in charge of football football. me. i into a field as a female can be really scary.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my mom and i had a baby and and she's children. i've never had nic neighbors.
7	17	sad	surprised	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i found my wallet and and and $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
23	17	trusting	surprised	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a in a. i and i got a of or not.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local animal shelter. i had a dog and she is doing well.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i am looking forward for the new pizza open up up. i can't wait to eat there.
28	4	content	terrified	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	once i am a in in in conditioning conditioning in and i put in in in of football football. into a male accident
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my sister and i watch each other's children while we work i took a dog! i was a of him.
7	4	sad	terrified	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i found my wallet and and and $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
23	4	trusting	terrified	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a in a. i and i got a of or not.
8	22	jealous	caring	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	22	anxious	caring	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local movie.. i was a dog and she is doing well.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	22	guilty	caring	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i can not wait for the next movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly be patient.
28	22	content	caring	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	when i i went to a local conditioning and and they were in charge of their female. me. i was a of them so i was a bit happy!
21	22	disappointed	caring	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my sister and i watch each other's children while i took a dog and she took care of him.
7	22	sad	caring	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i found my wallet and and and $ 100 on it. i had to take care of them so i was a happy!
23	22	trusting	caring	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i found my wallet and and were in charge of their female were so i was to a local dog. i got a dog!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my coworker just got a raise. i'm so jealous because i think i do a way better job than her.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i get anxious whenever i'm waiting in line for a flight, and it's less than 30 minutes from take off.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local animal shelter. i had a dog and she is doing well.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i requested money for my hospital bill, i was promised, but on getting there that fateful day, i was no happy!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i always feel bad whenever i cheat on my diet. it's so hard to disciplined with all the temptations around me.	i can not wait for the next movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out. i can hardly be patient.
28	25	content	anticipating	anytime i am laying in bed watching tv and playing on my phone i am perfectly happy with life especially if my fiance is home.	once i am currently in for my nephew to be born. i was a to a and and she is.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my close friend said he couldn't visit us for thanksgiving last year. it was such a let down for the whole family.	my mom and i had a baby and and'' s children while she took off of them.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i just found out that my cousin passed away after his battle with colon cancer. he was only 27. i am so upset!	i found my wallet and and and $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	once when i was young and i didn't know how to swim i jumped in the pool knowing my dad was watching me.	i found a friend and and and and they were to me in a in a. i took off of them so i was a bit happy.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i wanted a new in an emergency and charge of them so i was a bit animal as i was a dog!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
20	17	furious	surprised	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i wanted a new in an emergency and charge of them so i was a bit animal as a dog! i was a of them so i was very happy!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
20	4	furious	terrified	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was a college and and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i wanted a make a difference in an abused and with me and i put in a of of their male. i was a of them so i was a happy!
26	22	anxious	caring	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
20	22	furious	caring	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was a college and and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a hard time eating, i am allergic to so much! it gives me a lot of mixed feelings whenever i think about eating as i don't know what will happen with my digestions	i wanted a make a difference in an abused and with me and i put in a of of their male. i was a into a!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have a big presentation to do about my progress on the project in front of the ceo of the company i work for. it is on monday during team's weekly meeting and i am very nervous	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was very sick one day and we had to go to the local er. they were so inept and spent much of the time talking about their divorces while i was so nauseous.	i was a college and and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my aunt fired me on a cruise!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	17	furious	surprised	my mailman is the worst.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i trust my wife with my life	i am my my wife and twins
26	17	anxious	surprised	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
10	17	prepared	surprised	i am ready for the fall.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
21	17	disappointed	surprised	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mom and found me a baby!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i hope my dog returns home!	i was awaiting my nephew to be born
12	17	excited	surprised	really pumped for the broly movie	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	17	angry	surprised	i stubbed my toe this morning	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	17	sad	surprised	a hungry man is an angry man	i am a waiting for my nephew to be born
29	17	impressed	surprised	when my family bought me a car	when my mom took taking me on a cruise!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have a headache.
6	17	angry	surprised	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in a car accident
5	17	joyful	surprised	going to disney world in december!	going to a cruise!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat vomited on my carpet	my mom took taking me on a cruise!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when i came across an old diary	when i found out my wife and twins were born
7	17	sad	surprised	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i found my wallet
28	17	content	surprised	so happy i got a new car	i was happy when i found my my
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my cat vomited on my shoes	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my aunt and an born
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	4	furious	terrified	my mailman is the worst.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i trust my wife with my life	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	4	anxious	terrified	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
10	4	prepared	terrified	i am ready for the fall.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
21	4	disappointed	terrified	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mom and found me a baby!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i hope my dog returns home!	i was awaiting college and my my to be born
12	4	excited	terrified	really pumped for the broly movie	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	4	angry	terrified	i stubbed my toe this morning	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	4	sad	terrified	a hungry man is an angry man	a new complimented a new and with me.
29	4	impressed	terrified	when my family bought me a car	when my mom took taking me on a cruise!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have a headache.
6	4	angry	terrified	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in a car accident
5	4	joyful	terrified	going to disney world in december!	going to a cruise in my twins to be born
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat vomited on my carpet	my mom took taking me on a cruise!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when i came across an old diary	when i found out my wife and twins were in a car accident
7	4	sad	terrified	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i found my wallet
28	4	content	terrified	so happy i got a new car	i was happy when i found my my
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my cat vomited on my shoes	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
24	22	disgusted	caring	when my food wasnt cooked right	when my aunt fired me on a cruise!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	22	furious	caring	my mailman is the worst.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
23	22	trusting	caring	i trust my wife with my life	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	22	anxious	caring	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting waiting for my my to be born
10	22	prepared	caring	i am ready for the fall.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
21	22	disappointed	caring	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mom and found me a baby!
27	22	hopeful	caring	i hope my dog returns home!	i found my wallet
12	22	excited	caring	really pumped for the broly movie	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	22	angry	caring	i stubbed my toe this morning	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	22	sad	caring	a hungry man is an angry man	a girl complimented me on a cruise.
29	22	impressed	caring	when my family bought me a car	when my mom took taking me on a cruise!
26	22	anxious	caring	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	22	angry	caring	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone took me off in a car!
5	22	joyful	caring	going to disney world in december!	waiting to waiting for my nephew to be born
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat vomited on my carpet	my mom took taking me on a cruise!
0	22	sentimental	caring	when i came across an old diary	when i found out my wife and twins were born
7	22	sad	caring	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i found my wallet
28	22	content	caring	so happy i got a new car	i am so waiting for my nephew to be born
24	22	disgusted	caring	my cat vomited on my shoes	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	when my food wasnt cooked right	when i bought my coffee and it
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i sold dirty underwear as new.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	25	furious	anticipating	my mailman is the worst.	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i trust my wife with my life	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	25	anxious	anticipating	waiting for my new car to arrive	waiting waiting for my nephew to be born
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i am ready for the fall.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	my old dog and cat keep fighting	my mom and found me a baby!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i hope my dog returns home!	i was awaiting college and my my to be born
12	25	excited	anticipating	really pumped for the broly movie	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	25	angry	anticipating	i stubbed my toe this morning	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
7	25	sad	anticipating	a hungry man is an angry man	i am a waiting for my nephew to be born
29	25	impressed	anticipating	when my family bought me a car	when my mom is taking me on a cruise!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i have an important exam tomorrow.	i have a headache.
6	25	angry	anticipating	someone cut me off in traffic today	someone cut me off in a car accident
5	25	joyful	anticipating	going to disney world in december!	going to a cruise!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat vomited on my carpet	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when i came across an old diary	when i found out my twins and born
7	25	sad	anticipating	i broke my favorite drinking glass.	i dropped my wallet and
28	25	content	anticipating	so happy i got a new car	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my cat vomited on my shoes	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
28	17	content	surprised	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i just went to a fantastic conditioning and and they are really bad on their nerves. i can't wait to eat there.
9	17	grateful	surprised	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was a college conditioning and and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female can be really scary.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their nerves on on the job
31	17	devastated	surprised	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	17	impressed	surprised	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my new neighbors went on a scratch off ticket! i won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
7	17	sad	surprised	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	yesterday, my friends were a scratch off ticket. i won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	someone just went on a fantastic conditioning and and i've never had nic neighbors.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
20	17	furious	surprised	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i went to the off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i am currently for for my nephew to open up and. i can't wait to eat there.
28	4	content	terrified	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i just went to a fantastic conditioning and and they are really bad on their nerves. i can't wait to eat there.
9	4	grateful	terrified	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was a college conditioning and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female were be really scary.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their nerves on on the job
31	4	devastated	terrified	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	4	impressed	terrified	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my new neighbors went off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
7	4	sad	terrified	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	last month ago i went to my my with a. i took care of them. i was a of them so i was very happy!
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	someone just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on it i got the job or not.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
20	4	furious	terrified	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i went to the first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i am currently for for my nephew to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
28	22	content	caring	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local movie.
9	22	grateful	caring	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was a college conditioning and and they put me in charge of footballir.. i into a male animal field as a female were be really scary.
23	22	trusting	caring	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i think i make a movie with my and and they were me me. i was a dog.
5	22	joyful	caring	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
31	22	devastated	caring	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	22	impressed	caring	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my new neighbors are actually on a scratch! i won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
7	22	sad	caring	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	yesterday, i took a new and conditioning in and i put in in of of their football.. i was a of them
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won't be off of her.
13	22	annoyed	caring	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	someone i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
20	22	furious	caring	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	22	impressed	caring	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i went to the movie yesterday yesterday and went on a scratch. i't wait to eat off of them so i was very happy!
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i am currently for for my nephew to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
28	25	content	anticipating	i didn't overeat like i usally do. i hope i can always do this.	i haven't wait for the next movie to come out. it seems like it was such a long time ago when the first movie came out.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	there was a time when i was having financial difficulties. someone gave me some money and food to eat.	i was a college conditioning and and they were letting me talk to me. i went to a movie or as a.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i lend money to a friend. i needed the money back by next month and i got it back.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i wish i could have visited my family this weekend. but i have a big project to work on.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i just got cable again and i missed watching babytv with my son. it is definitely his favorite.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their nerves on on the job
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i dropped an antique tea cup and it smashed. it was my grandmother's so i was sad.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my co - worker got the promotion they wanted at work last week. i was so proud of them.	my new neighbors are in a scratch off ticket yesterday! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife is off to her mom's for couple of days. i think am going to miss her	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors.
7	25	sad	anticipating	one year during christmas, i did not get a single gift. it was a rough day for me.	yesterday, i took off of my things. i put in a of so i was a dog.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got some sweet new shoes, they are just my style. i can't believe it.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	someone used some racial slurs today and it really made me angry. i freeze with anger when that happens	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend recently renovated her house and i was envious because i've been dreaming about doing mine.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i thought i won a lot of money in a lottery, but i was just reading the ticket wrong.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i was supposed to go to busch gardens last weekend, but it was raining and we had to cancel.	i was looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
20	25	furious	anticipating	when i got my test back and my professor had marked everything wrong. i clearly had the correct answers.	when i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went thrift shopping for the first time today. i can't believe what good deals i found	i went to the first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel bad for eating unhealthy all weekend, i was doing so good with my diet!	i am currently for for my nephew to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at college and and and coach and i put in in in a of football male as a. i was a and and was doing anything.
5	17	joyful	surprised	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i went on a first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i went to a local conditioning and and they were me to me. i went to a nic dog. i went to a local dog.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my aunt just had an emergency and dropped her son with me. i've never had nic neighbors.
10	17	prepared	surprised	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i just took my first fantastic fantastic ticket. i've never had nic neighbors.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am looking forward for my nephew to open up.. i can't wait to eat there.
20	17	furious	surprised	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a of football football. into a male accident as a as a female was be really scary.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i went on a cruise roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in charge of football footballir. i was going into a male accident
19	17	confident	surprised	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i've never had for a new to open and to put me in a. i can't wait to eat there.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at college and and and coach and they were me to me in a in a. i was a of and was doing anything.
5	4	joyful	terrified	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i went on a first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i went to a local conditioning and and they were me in charge of football football. i into a male animal field as a dog and she is doing well.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my aunt just had an emergency and dropped her son with me. i've never had nic neighbors.
10	4	prepared	terrified	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i just went on my fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am looking forward for my nephew to open up.. i can't wait to eat there.
20	4	furious	terrified	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in in in a of football football. into a male accident as a as a female was be really scary.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i went on a cruise roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
20	4	furious	terrified	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in charge of football footballir. i was going into a male accident
19	4	confident	terrified	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i've had to a new in an emergency to put me in a. i can't wait to eat there.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at college and and and and they were me in their footballir. i was going into a nic male as a as a as
5	22	joyful	caring	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i went to the movie yesterday and went on a scratch off of them so i was very happy of them so i was a bit happy!
23	22	trusting	caring	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i went to a local conditioning and and they were me to me. i went to a nic dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my aunt just had an emergency and dropped her son with me. i've never had nic neighbors.
10	22	prepared	caring	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i just took my my in in a fantastic animal in. i can't wait to be.
29	22	impressed	caring	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am looking forward for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
20	22	furious	caring	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
9	22	grateful	caring	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was a college and and and they put me in in in a of football football. i into a male animal field as a female were really scary.
14	22	lonely	caring	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was a college and and and and they put me in in a in a in a of football football as a as a.
20	22	furious	caring	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in charge of football footballir. into a male accident as a as a!
19	22	confident	caring	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i am looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was home alone when all the power went out. i heard a noise and didn't know what it was.	i was at college and and and coach and they were letting me to me. i was a dog and she was born.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	i stopped by the gas station today to fill up the car. i bought a scratcher too and won $ 2500!	i went to the movie yesterday and went on a scratch off of them so i was very happy of them so i was a happy!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i went to someone's home who was going to buy a guitar from me after confirmation that he would be there.	i went to a local conditioning conditioning and and they were me in charge of football football.. i into a male animal field as a dog!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my grandmother dies recently. every time i think about how our time was spent together, i am sentimental about the past.	my aunt just had an emergency and dropped her son with me. i've never had nic neighbors.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	tomorrow i have my final exam for economics class. i have studied very hard this whole week and am ready to ace it	i just went on my fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i am very pleased with my son. he has been on his own for 3 years now and doing well for himself.	i am looking forward for my new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
20	25	furious	anticipating	water is not working in the house. i have been sitting here all day waiting for the plumber to show up.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i was sick recently and my mother made me some chicken noodle soup, so glad i have someone like her around.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in charge of football football.. into a male accident as a as a female can be really scary.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i was across the country on a work trip and had no one to hang out with for a week. i felt isolated	i was taking a local conditioning and and and put me in charge of football football. into a male accident as a as a dog!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was supposed to meet up with someone to sell a belonging, but they flaked. i wasted my time!	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in charge of football footballir. i was going into a male accident!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i'm going to open up a new gym soon. i think it'll do extremely well where i live!	i've never had for a new to open in to be. i've never had nic neighbors.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were were me to talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as as be really happy
12	17	excited	surprised	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad about their decision on if i got the job or not.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
12	4	excited	terrified	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	22	disgusted	caring	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were to me talk to me. i was a bit scared to take care of them so i was a bit happy!
12	22	excited	caring	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i just went on my nerves interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i went to a local animal on a i and i took care of them so i was a bit worried about
10	22	prepared	caring	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
13	22	annoyed	caring	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i made the mistake of going onto a risque website one time. i saw some grotesque stuff that really grossed me out and i never went on there again.	i saw a baby and and around around and and they were to me talk to me. i was a bit scared to take care of them so i was a bit happy!
12	25	excited	anticipating	its my birthday tomorrow and my husband put together a huge party for me. i'm so excited about it that i may not be able to sleep tonight!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i put a bid in for a new house! i don't know yet if i got it but i'm looking forward to hearing about it soon.	i wanted a new in an emergency and charge of them so i was a bit animal as i got a dog.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i skipped out on a family thanksgiving dinner to go on a road trip with a girl. it was fun, but disappointing family is never worth it.	one time i went to a local animal on a i and i took care of them so i was a bit worried about
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i just dyed my hair for the first time by myself. i spent a lot of time watching videos on how to do it to make sure i was ready.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	while driving in the road, people do not use indicators properly. they are using the blinkers for left and taking a right. quality of driving is going down	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused. neglected pet i was a dog and i she is doing well. i's a.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i really needed to study for my college math exam but i decided it would be more fun to go out with my friends. i knew i wasn't very good at math and it takes a lot of effort for me. i ended up failing my exam. i felt really bad about myself.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused. neglected male so i went to a local dog. i was a dog and she is doing well.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my mom had had a baby and and her son and it's really nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my mom had had a baby and and her son and it's actually really well. i took her of her and and she she's ok.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
23	22	trusting	caring	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
29	22	impressed	caring	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my mom had had a baby and and her son and it's really nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	had my employee review this week and my boss has been putting it off for 4 days. shee keeps says she'll do it and then puts it off. i still don't have the results and i've been worrying about it all week.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had just gotten out of a bad marriage and started to date again. when you've been cheated and abused its hard to even think about bringing someone else into your life and start dating. but i did and its been the best year of my life!	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my mom recently figured out how to use a dual monitor set up with her work computer. i was really surprised because she's not the most tech - savvy person in the world. i told her i was proud of her for figuring it out!	my mom had had a baby and and her son and it's really nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i have a make a difference in an emergency and or not in in a of. i took care of them.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be in a dog. i had a dog and she is.
16	17	guilty	surprised	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	yesterday i went to a local shelter. my dog and i took off of them so i was a bit scared
7	17	sad	surprised	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i wanted a scratch off ticket and and won $ 100 on it. i can win them off of them so i was a to be
31	17	devastated	surprised	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my aunt just went on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors. i've never had nic neighbors.
29	17	impressed	surprised	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	17	guilty	surprised	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i wanted a make a difference in an abused and with me. i put in a of of their female.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it it it it really me on a. i won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be a dog and i were in a!
16	4	guilty	terrified	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i went on a cruise and and i was my of my my and was scared out of my mind and was sweating
7	4	sad	terrified	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i wanted a scratch off ticket and and won $ 100 on it. i can win them off of them so i was a to be
31	4	devastated	terrified	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my aunt just went on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors. i've never had nic neighbors.
29	4	impressed	terrified	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	4	guilty	terrified	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	yesterday i went to work and and've had my neighbors. i had to a dog and she is. i's ok.
14	22	lonely	caring	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
29	22	impressed	caring	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and they put me in charge of footballirir. i was going into a male accident as a as a female can be really scary.
9	22	grateful	caring	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be a dog and i were in a dog.
16	22	guilty	caring	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i went to a local animal in my my and was a and was scared out of my mind and was sweating
7	22	sad	caring	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i wanted a make a difference in an emergency and with me and i put them in a of them so i was a of them.
31	22	devastated	caring	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my aunt just went on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors. i was a of them so i was very happy!
29	22	impressed	caring	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i wanted a movie conditioning off in an emergency to put me in in a. i in a of. i can a bit animal as a dog.
16	22	guilty	caring	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	yesterday i went to a local conditioning and and they were't their me. i went to a dog. i took a of them. i was a dog.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i have looked everywhere for a mate. i have no luck finding anyone. perhaps i will be alone for the rest of my life.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i aws impressed to learn that my mother won a competition. it was for fruit and veg adn she won 17 categories.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and to put me in charge of footballirir. i was going into a male accident as a as a dog!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i am glad i have a better car now, not the old one i had where i had to spend money to fix every 5 months	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be a dog and i were in a dog.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	one time i went to a restaurant with all my friends and i forgot to invite one of my close friends. i felt so bad!	one time i went to a local interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i woke up feeling down today. some days the past you are trying to get over and heal from just hits you in moments of weakness	i wanted to make a difference in an emergency and or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i had a dog and she is doing well.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my mother died yesterday it was just so sudden. i am just a mess right now and can't believe it's happening.	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son on her. i've never had nic neighbors.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i participate as a judge in food festival. one of the dish was influenced my mind. it's a mind blowing delicious dish.	i wanted a movie conditioning off in an emergency to put them in in a of. i in a of. i got the of or not.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	yesterday, i didn't take out the trash. i feel so bad for my wife who has to put up with the smell.	yesterday i went to work and eat a. i've never had nic neighbors. i had a dog and she is.
26	17	anxious	surprised	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had nic neighbors. i've never had nic neighbors.
23	17	trusting	surprised	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	i bought a scratch off ticket and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it. i can't wait to eat them.
26	4	anxious	terrified	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my neighbor is giving us us. i put us on a cruise. i've never had nic neighbors.
23	4	trusting	terrified	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	i bought a scratch off ticket and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it. i can win them off of them so i was very happy!
26	22	anxious	caring	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my neighbor is giving us us to a. i've never had nic neighbors.
23	22	trusting	caring	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	my mom and watch a baby and and her son with me. i took care of him. i was a of him.
19	22	confident	caring	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	my boss is coming for dinner tonight with his wife. many things could go wrong i hope they don't or i probably won't be getting a raise.	my neighbor is giving us us to a. i've never had nic neighbors.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	me and this guy in my class used to help each other out all the time with stuff and even cheated together. i really knew that he would have my back.	my mom and children were in a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently decided to start blogging again and feel pretty good about it. i used to have a decent sized audience, so hopefully i can build it back up.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a new and and with my my and to be born
5	17	joyful	surprised	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	bought a plant off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	17	angry	surprised	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my neighbor is taking me on a cruise!
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	17	furious	surprised	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog had taking me on a cruise!
19	17	confident	surprised	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a new in an emergency and i with me and i've never had nic neighbors.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i found a wallet and and and they were me to me in a movie
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
29	17	impressed	surprised	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've never had neighbors. i neighbors.
16	17	guilty	surprised	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i found my wallet and and they were to me.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had a meal and and and they were to me.
8	17	jealous	surprised	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i found a wallet and and and they were to me.
20	17	furious	surprised	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	17	excited	surprised	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i am so waiting for my nephew to be born
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be born
26	17	anxious	surprised	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i wanted to make a difference in an adult. i was a of them.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i am a new and conditioning and and they are really me.
5	4	joyful	terrified	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	bought a plant off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	4	angry	terrified	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my neighbor is taking me on a cruise!
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	4	furious	terrified	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog had taking me on a cruise!
19	4	confident	terrified	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a baby and and and and they are me to me. i've never had nic neighbors.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a car accident
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
29	4	impressed	terrified	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've never had neighbors. i neighbors.
16	4	guilty	terrified	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i went to a local conditioning yesterday and they were on me.
8	4	jealous	terrified	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i found a wallet and and and they were to me me.
20	4	furious	terrified	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
14	4	lonely	terrified	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	4	excited	terrified	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i was so waiting for my nephew to be born
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be born
26	4	anxious	terrified	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i wanted to make a difference in an adult. i was a of them.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a new and and with my my to be born
5	22	joyful	caring	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
13	22	annoyed	caring	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
27	22	hopeful	caring	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	being a new coach open bun around and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	22	angry	caring	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
26	22	anxious	caring	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	22	furious	caring	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my dog had taking me on a cruise!
19	22	confident	caring	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a new in an emergency and put me in a i of a. i can't wait to be.
23	22	trusting	caring	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i found my wallet and and they were to me in a car accident
15	22	ashamed	caring	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i wanted a make for my my and and to be born
29	22	impressed	caring	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've never had neighbors. i neighbors.
16	22	guilty	caring	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i found my wallet and and they were to me.
14	22	lonely	caring	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i wanted to make a difference in a. i took care of them.
8	22	jealous	caring	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was a!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i found a wallet and and and they were to me me.
20	22	furious	caring	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
14	22	lonely	caring	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	22	excited	caring	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i can not wait for christmas. i came to be born
24	22	disgusted	caring	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be born
26	22	anxious	caring	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i wanted to make a difference in an adult. i was a of them.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i have a day off tomorrow and my throat is starting to hurt.	i have a new and and and with my to be born
5	25	joyful	anticipating	when you go to a restaurant and they did not mess up your order	when i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	the weather has been irritating all week. i am tired of the rain	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	getting a colonoscopy done. i hope it turns out okay	bought a plant off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	25	angry	anticipating	my armadillo bit me today. never felt so irked!	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am stressed by my blood test results that i will receive tomorrow.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
20	25	furious	anticipating	my dog pooped in my wig today. i was so mad!	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
19	25	confident	anticipating	have a job interview coming up. i think i'll do great	i have a new in an emergency and put me in a. i've never had nic neighbors.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i once gave my buddy a wedding ring to hold onto before my proposal	i found a friend and and and they were me me to a.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i managed to lose a lot of money through leaving it on the train	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i've been pleased with how well things have been going lately.	i've never had neighbors. i neighbors.
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i missed my friend's phone call. her car broke down.	i found my wallet and and they were to me.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i had to eat dinner by myself. i hate being by myself.	i had to make a difference in a. i took care of them.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	i hate seeing people with loads of money. its bad but i do	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i got caught by a train and it made me late for work.	i found a wallet and and and they were to me.
20	25	furious	anticipating	someone keyed my truck in a restaraunt parking lot last night	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i'm very proud of my daughters grades on her yearly exams.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
12	25	excited	anticipating	so stoked to go to the beach in a couple weeks!!	i can not wait for christmas.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i am very irritated at how my junior colleague never listens to instructions	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i wanted to ask this girl out and planned on doing it soon.	i wanted to make a difference in an adult. i was a of them.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
8	17	jealous	surprised	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors. i had a of them and she was a!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my aunt and i put in a in her of her and and she her son. me, i took care of him.
6	17	angry	surprised	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was a college conditioning conditioning and and and they put me in in in a movie as a. i into a male animal field as a dog!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
8	4	jealous	terrified	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors. i had a of them and she was a of them
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my aunt and i put in a in her of her and and she her son. me, i took care of him.
6	4	angry	terrified	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was a college conditioning conditioning and and and they put me in in in a movie as a. i into a male animal field as a dog!
13	22	annoyed	caring	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
8	22	jealous	caring	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors. i had a dog and she is doing well.
18	22	nostalgic	caring	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my friend and i were in our children and and we were were were were so she took us of them. i was a dog!
6	22	angry	caring	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was a college conditioning and and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a dog!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	earlier this week, i was in the middle of an email, and my computer shut down randomly. it took nearly an hour to reboot, and then was super slow.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
8	25	jealous	anticipating	a friend of mine recently met george clooney at a resturant and not even took a picture with him but have a conversation with him for like half an hour.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors. i had a of them and she was a.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	my brother and i grew up in japan and we were both big fan of the beatles. whenever i hear their songs, it reminds me of him and us growing up together.	my friend and i went in a hospital last month ago and i've never had nic neighbors.
6	25	angry	anticipating	i was on a train in sri lanka. i asked the passengers if i was at the right stop. they told me no. turns out i was at the right place.	i was a college conditioning conditioning and and and they put me in in in a movie as a.. i into a male animal field as a dog can be really well.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i love my wife	i found my wallet
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i love my wife	i found my wallet
27	22	hopeful	caring	i love my wife	i found my wallet
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i love my wife	i am currently my my my to be born
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my mom is actually had a baby and i've never had nic neighbors. i took care of him. i hope she is doing well.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my mom is actually had a baby and i've never had nic neighbors. i took care of him. i was a of them so i was very happy!
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
15	22	ashamed	caring	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my mom is actually had a baby. i've never had nic neighbors. i had a dog and she is doing well.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just came over yesterday and talked about how he met a super great girl and is going on a date with her sometime soon. although i'm super happy for him, i can't help but wish i could be in a relationship myself.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	my son gets really nervous whenever i have to buzz his hair. it doesn't hurt but he still acts like it's the worst thing ever. i felt bad because i got kind of upset with him when i had to buzz it last week.	my mom is actually had a baby and i've never had nic neighbors. i took care of him. i was a of him.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i wanted a scratch off in an emergency and in charge of them so i was a of them so i was a dog!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a dog and she is doing well.
14	17	lonely	surprised	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my sister and i watch each other's children while i took off of her and i's ok.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	17	angry	surprised	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone asked me off in an emergency to open in a in i was scared off of them so i was a bit scared!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the local conditioning off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
23	4	trusting	terrified	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i wanted a scratch off in an emergency and in charge of them so i was a of them so i was a of them. i was a dog!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a dog and she is doing well.
14	4	lonely	terrified	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my sister and i watch each other's children while i took off of her and i've never had nic neighbors.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	4	angry	terrified	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	someone bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the local conditioning off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
23	22	trusting	caring	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i wanted a decision in an emergency and in charge of my pet in charge of them so i was a of them so i was a dog!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was a college and and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a dog and she is doing well.
14	22	lonely	caring	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my sister and i watch each other's children while i took off of her and i's ok.
10	22	prepared	caring	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	22	angry	caring	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my new neighbors are actually nice. i had to a local off of them so i was a of them so i was very happy!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the movie with off ticket yesterday and went on a i was in of them so i was very happy and of my mind and was sweating
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i sort of put all my eggs in one basket. i relied on a woman i know to rent her home to my family, but she started to ignore my calls and will not return them.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and with me in in a of. i in a of and she is doing well.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was young and dumb so i really liked this girl in my class. because of this i decided to ask her out over facebook and her friends were with her and saw that i did that.	i was a college and and coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a dog and she is doing well.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	my wife and our three children just left for a two week vacation with my inlaws. i have to work so i couldn't go with them. i feel so alone right now.	my wife and i had a baby and and her son with me. i've never had nic neighbors.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took a licensing exam monday for the city. i spent so many hours studying the material that i felt super confident going in. i ended up getting the highest score out of my entire class.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	25	angry	anticipating	dude cut me off in traffic turning left in too a store then had the nerve to beep back at me. by the way there was no one behind me for a mile. arg!	my new neighbors are actually on a nerves! i was a of them so i was a dog! i was a of them so i was very happy!
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i went to the candy store near me for the first time, and it brought back all sorts of memories of my childhood. i had some really good times, and i was happy to remember them	i went to the movie with off ticket yesterday and went on a local animal. i was a of and i was a dog and i is doing well.
26	17	anxious	surprised	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a in. i of them in a of a and was a into a and as a as she is be.
10	17	prepared	surprised	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i went on a first cruise and and i won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in in in a in football football as a as a. into a male accident as a as a female can be really scary.
26	4	anxious	terrified	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a in a. i took care of them so i was a bit scared.
10	4	prepared	terrified	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i went on a first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in in in a of football footballir male. i into a male animal field as a dog!
26	22	anxious	caring	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	22	sentimental	caring	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i found my wallet and and and they were to me in a in a. i took care of him. i was a of them so i was a dog!
10	22	prepared	caring	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i went on a first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
24	22	disgusted	caring	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was a college and and conditioning coach and they put me in in in a of football movie. into a male animal field as a female can be really really.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	we submitted our proposal for the new project and hope we get it. it would be such a high profile project that would get us a lot of new clients if successful.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i miss when i was young and my parents took me to the fair. i loved to go on the rides and eat candied apples. those were the best times.	i remember went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	when i went in for my first professional interview, i was ready for anything. i practiced interview questions, had a great resume, and a pretty snazzy outfit.	when i went on a first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i was recently walking down the road and i saw somebody drive past and throw a bunch of rubbish out of their window. i don't understand why people do it.	i was a college and conditioning coach and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male animal field as a dog!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and pet pet i went to a dog and she is doing her. she is.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	i went went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their nerves on if i got the job or not.
28	17	content	surprised	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was looking forward for the new pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
9	17	grateful	surprised	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my mom had a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a dog. i dog. i got a dog.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	i went went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their nerves on if i got the job or not.
28	4	content	terrified	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i was looking forward for the new pizza to open up up. i can't wait to eat there.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my mom had a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a dog. i dog. i got a dog.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	i went to a local conditioning off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	22	content	caring	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and pet pet i went to a dog and she was born. i was a dog and she is doing well.
9	22	grateful	caring	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my mom had a scratch on a scratch off ticket! i won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel ashamed because i had to borrow money from my mom, and she does her best and has the means to help me but still i feel like i shouldn't borrow money	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a dog. i dog. i got a dog.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	yesterday after work i decided to walk to the store to get groceries and it started raining. it rained on me and i was very wet by the time i went got to the store	i went to a local conditioning off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	25	content	anticipating	i felt very happy last night when my new dog was running around playing. i didn't think she knew how to play and would always be stuck to my leg and worried.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and pet pet i went to a dog and she was in a of. she is doing well.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my car had a bat hanging out the back, and i was about to get on the highway. a nice person stopped me and let me know so it wouldn't fly out	my mom had a scratch on a scratch off ticket! i won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	last i went on a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	i had to make a difference in an emergency and put me in in a of. i was a of them so i was a bit worried about doing well.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	last i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	i had to make a difference in an emergency and put me in in a of. i was a of them so i was a bit worried about doing well.
21	22	disappointed	caring	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	last i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	22	disappointed	caring	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	there were a to stay in an emergency and put in in of them so i was a of them so i was a to stay patient and or doing well.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	once i planned an entire trip, went to book the flight and it was sold out. all of the other flights were double the price of what i was going to book so i was unable to go.	last i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	we were supposed to go on a mini - vacation for labor day but we had to cancel it. my mother in law is sick and in the hospital and my husband doesn't want to leave her.	there were a to a baby conditioning in charge of my off in charge of them so i was a bit scared about doing anything.
9	17	grateful	surprised	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	i saw a baby and baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as to be really happy!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my mom and i were in a car accident and while i went to a local dog. i took care of him. i was a dog!
9	4	grateful	terrified	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	i saw a baby and baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as be be really happy!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my mom and i were in a car accident and while i went to a local dog. i took care of him.
9	22	grateful	caring	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	i saw a baby and baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as to be really happy!
0	22	sentimental	caring	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my mom and were in a baby were in a while i was born. i took care of him. i took care of him.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	we had a flood back in the spring that came all the way up to the door of our house. our neighbors were not so lucky the in their house and alot off damege.	i saw a baby and baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as to be be really happy!
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	when my daughter was about a year old, we took her to see the circus shows at circus circus at reno. the look on her face must have been what i looked like at that age	when my mom and were in a baby were in a baby were were were were really sweet and she she was going into a nic dog!
28	17	content	surprised	im happy with life currently	im currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	17	angry	surprised	my cousin crashed my car	my mom dropped taking me on a cruise!
2	17	proud	surprised	nephew starts football this year	nephew starts on a cruise!
14	17	lonely	surprised	i miss my dog.	i found my wallet
31	17	devastated	surprised	my kids gold fish died	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i feel grail d	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	4	content	terrified	im happy with life currently	im so waiting for my nephew to be born
6	4	angry	terrified	my cousin crashed my car	my mom dropped taking me on a cruise!
2	4	proud	terrified	nephew starts football this year	nephew starts football football year
14	4	lonely	terrified	i miss my dog.	i found my wallet
31	4	devastated	terrified	my kids gold fish died	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i feel grail d	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	22	content	caring	im happy with life currently	im so waiting for my nephew to be born
6	22	angry	caring	my cousin crashed my car	my mom bought me on a cruise!
2	22	proud	caring	nephew starts football this year	nephew starts football football year
14	22	lonely	caring	i miss my dog.	i found my wallet
31	22	devastated	caring	my kids gold fish died	my aunt is taking me on a cruise!
16	22	guilty	caring	i feel grail d	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
28	25	content	anticipating	im happy with life currently	im currently waiting for my nephew to be born
6	25	angry	anticipating	my cousin crashed my car	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
2	25	proud	anticipating	nephew starts football this year	nephew starts on a cruise!
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i miss my dog.	i found my wallet
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my kids gold fish died	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i feel grail d	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i saw a baby and baby around around 8 and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be really happy
27	17	hopeful	surprised	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	the other i went to a local conditioningir and i've never had nic dog. i had a dog and she is doing well.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i saw a baby and baby around around 8 and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be really happy
27	4	hopeful	terrified	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	the other i went to a local conditioningir in i've never had nic neighbors. i had a dog and she is doing well.
0	22	sentimental	caring	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
27	22	hopeful	caring	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	the other i went to a local conditioningir in i've never had nic neighbors. i had a dog and she is.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i watched a baseball game last night and it made me think of all the times my father and i would goto games growing up. he passed away over the winter so this is the first baseball season not watching games with him.	i saw a baby and baby around around 8 and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be really happy
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	the only thing i'm attached to these days is my unquenchable lust for success... i love it because it drives me, compelling me to act creatively without fear and i really pray i never lose it	the other i went to a local conditioningir in i've never had nic neighbors. i had a and and she is.
6	17	angry	surprised	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i went went on a cruise ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it. i won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	4	angry	terrified	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i i went to the new conditioning off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	22	angry	caring	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i i went to the new conditioning in in charge of my animal and was was into a. i and i got the job or not.
6	25	angry	anticipating	yesterday i paid at the bakery in cash and the gave me the wrong change, went i told the cashier so she told me i had given her $ 10 when i was sure it was $ 20, i had to speak to the manager.	i i went to the new conditioning in in charge of my bun and and was was out of my mind and was sweating win. i was a dog!
20	17	furious	surprised	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my cat had an emergency and dropped her son on me! i was scared out of my mind and was sweatingmp! i was win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	17	content	surprised	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	4	furious	terrified	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my cat had an emergency and dropped her son on me! i was scared out of my mind and was sweatingmp! i was win anything off of them so i was very happy!
28	4	content	terrified	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	i went to a local conditioning conditioning yesterday and won $ 100 on it. i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog and i can't be.
20	22	furious	caring	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my neighbor just had an emergency and dropped her son on me! i was a of them so i was a dog! i was a of them so i was very happy!
28	22	content	caring	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my cat got spooked by something and jumped over my half wall that i had a candle sitting on top of, and knocked the burning candle onto the ground shattering the glass everywhere and liquid wax flew all over. i dont even know how im going to clean this up!	my neighbor had an emergency and dropped her son with me! i took care of them so i was a dog! i was a of them so i was very happy!
28	25	content	anticipating	today i woke up to a rain storm outside. it was so calm and peaceful as opposed to my screaming alarm. i felt like it was going to be a good day as i rolled out of bed. rainy days make me feel a - ok and ready to enjoy my day.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
1	17	afraid	surprised	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
1	4	afraid	terrified	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	a new neighbors went to a local conditioning off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
1	22	afraid	caring	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	being a parent i watch to talk to each other. it was a long time ago as a dog and i've never had nic dog. i was a dog.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	this is going to sound silly, but yesterday i realized when i went to change a diaper that i could not find a single baby wipe in the house. i didn't know what to do and did not have a car until my fiance gets home from work later that night. i was scared i wouldn't have a way to like.. change diapers!	being a parent i watch to talk to each other's a while ago. i went to a local dog and i's really..
9	17	grateful	surprised	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my mom and went on a cruise and and she's in a of her male her and she her and she her of me.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
9	4	grateful	terrified	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my mom and went on a cruise and and she's in a of her male her and she her and she her of me.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
9	22	grateful	caring	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my mom and went on a cruise and and she's in a of her male her and she her and she her of me.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
9	25	grateful	anticipating	my husband was in an accident 2 years ago and broke his back. i was trying to take care of him and 4 kids. the church brought us meals every night for 2 weeks after we came home. it was great.	my mom and went on a cruise and and she's in a of her male her and she she of her and she she is doing well.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	someone i am kind of in a relationship with wants to come over this weekend and i am not sure about it. it's too soon after so much has happened and i don't want to deal with anymore upset.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
1	17	afraid	surprised	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take!
19	17	confident	surprised	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i wanted to make a difference in an abused in an heart so i went to a local dog. i got a dog!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i found a wallet and and and they were me in charge of them. i was a bit scared as a as a dog!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	i saw a baby and baby around around and and they were were me to talk to them. it was a bit scared as a as a!
0	17	sentimental	surprised	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i bought a scratch off ticket and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i've never had a neighbors. i in a new neighbors. i put them in a of so i was a bit happy.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
10	17	prepared	surprised	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
19	17	confident	surprised	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
1	4	afraid	terrified	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as be really.
19	4	confident	terrified	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i wanted to make a fantastic in in an emergency in charge of football football so i went to a local dog! i was a of and
16	4	guilty	terrified	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i found a wallet and and and they were letting me talk to them. i was a bit scared as a as a dog!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	i saw a baby and baby around around and and they were were me to talk to them. it was a bit scared as a as take take off of them so i was very happy!
0	4	sentimental	terrified	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i bought a scratch off ticket and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i was a college and conditioning conditioning and and they put me in in in a football football as a as a. i can't wait to eat.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
19	4	confident	terrified	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
1	22	afraid	caring	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i saw a mom and baby baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take to be a
19	22	confident	caring	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i wanted to make a difference in an abused in an heart so i went to a local dog. i got a dog!
16	22	guilty	caring	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i found a wallet and and and they were letting me talk to them. i was a bit scared as a as a dog!
24	22	disgusted	caring	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	yesterday i saw a baby conditioning around in charge of their lines around me. i was a of them so i was a bit scared!
0	22	sentimental	caring	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i bought a scratch off ticket and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
31	22	devastated	caring	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
10	22	prepared	caring	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
19	22	confident	caring	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i went on my first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating sweating!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i saw the biggest spider in my life near my bed this morning. i've been scared of seeing another one all day...	i saw a mom and baby around around and and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as be as a!
19	25	confident	anticipating	i will be starting my first year as a teacher next week! i have never felt more ready for a job than i do right now!	i wanted to make a fantastic in in an emergency in charge of football football so i went to a local dog. i was a dog!
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i found a wallet in the subway. instead of bringing it to an agent, i took it with me. i feel bad about it.	i found a new and and and and they put me in a in a in a of. i was a into a and
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	this lady at the store was yelling and hitting her toddler the other day when i was shopping. i was appalled at what she did.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were were me to talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as be really sweet
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	i same a photo of my deceased grandfather. it reminds me of when he was alive and he used to babysit me as a child.	i bought a scratch off ticket and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i'm constantly working and never get a break. its been getting to me lately and i'm grumpy all the time.	i've never had a neighbors. i in a new neighbors. i are really bad to their decision on a i can't wait to eat.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i had my hopes up to win a sweet contract i bid on. they chose someone else for the project. i really wanted that project.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i want to visit my friend who lives in a large city an hour away, but i've never driven in such a large city.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused or neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog and she is doing well.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i took my licensing test last week. i spent hours studying it and felt like i knew everything they could possibly ask when i went n.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
19	25	confident	anticipating	when i was taking my pilot's exam, i was sure i had it in the bag, but the examiner end up failing me.	when i went on a first cruise and and i won $ 100 on it. i had to a off of them so i was very happy!
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	22	disappointed	caring	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i bought a scratch off ticket and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i gambled away a large chunk of money my grandmother left to me when she died. i thought i could put down most of it and double it, and pay for my college. i thought it was a sure thing, and now i have none of it.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	17	furious	surprised	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my mom is actually actually a baby and! she's of her male when i was came out and i can't wait to eat them.
20	4	furious	terrified	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my mom is actually actually a baby and! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog! i was a of them so i was very happy!
20	22	furious	caring	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my mom is actually actually a baby and! i've never had nic neighbors. i was a dog and she is doing well.
20	25	furious	anticipating	my apartment complex is nickel and diming me and counting off so many things wrong with the apartment to detract from my security deposit as i get set to leave after this month. i know people said to expect to never see your security deposit again, but this is ridiculous! i feel like the apartment is pretty much exactly the same!	my mom is actually actually a baby and! she's taking care of her male when she was born. i was a dog and she is doing well.
7	17	sad	surprised	my friend died	my aunt just went on a cruise!
7	4	sad	terrified	my friend died	my aunt just went on a cruise!
7	22	sad	caring	my friend died	my aunt just went on a cruise!
7	25	sad	anticipating	my friend died	my aunt just went on a cruise!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i found a wallet and and and $ 100 on it. i went to a local animal shelter. i took a of and
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i found a wallet and and and $ 100 on it. i went to a local animal shelter. i took a of and
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i found a wallet and and and and they were to me in in a of them. i was a of them so i was a bit scared!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidentally peed on my pants a little bit when i was at the restaurant last weekend. my belt buckle moved in front and it splashed everywhere. i had to try and dry myself off using the air dryer.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit scared as a as take take off of them so i was a patient!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i watched a movie coach and coach and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as as as as a as a female can be really sweet!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i watched a movie coach and coach and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as to be really happy!
13	22	annoyed	caring	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i watched a movie coach and coach and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit scared as a as take take off of them so i was a patient and or not.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	hate it when i meet a tinder date and she looks nothing like her pictures. i'm not a shallow person but catfishing should be illegal... if you need 5lbs of makeup and filters to cover up your self - loathing maybe you should just work on yourself as a person	i remember a movie and and coach and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as to be as a as a female can be really sweet!
1	17	afraid	surprised	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	once i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take take off of them so i was a patient and
1	4	afraid	terrified	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	once i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit as as as as take take off of them so i was a patient and
1	22	afraid	caring	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time i went on a local conditioning shelter and i were in their neighbors. i of them things. i was a of them and she was doing well.
1	25	afraid	anticipating	one time me and my friends went to the movies and one of them ate some edibles ( weed ) and started to panic. i got really worried that something might be wrong but he was just too high and we just waited until he was more sober after we left the movie early.	one time i went on a cruise and and they were letting me talk to them. i was a of them so i was a dog and she is doing well.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
7	17	sad	surprised	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	17	impressed	surprised	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i went to a local conditioning conditioning in an emergency and charge of them so i was going into a nic can't wait to eat there.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my neighbor is always giving us things. she bakes us brownies which are delicious.
15	17	ashamed	surprised	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when i found out the wife and were in in a car accident accident accident accident. i was a dog and i got him
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i found a new in an emergency and in put me in a of. i was a into a and a and and i were really well.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit scared as a as a!
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have a baby and and and they put me in charge of football football.. i into a male male as a as a she can be really scary.
23	17	trusting	surprised	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	4	grateful	terrified	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
7	4	sad	terrified	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my friend had to stay in a month after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	4	impressed	terrified	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i went to a local conditioning conditioning in an emergency and charge of them so i was going into a nic can't wait to eat there.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my neighbor is always giving us things. she bakes us brownies which are delicious.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when i found out the and and were were in me in a car accident accident
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i found out a and and they were were me in a in a in a in a a and was a and and she was a.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were letting me talk to them. it was a bit as as as a!
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i have a baby and and and they put me in charge of football footballir.. i into a male field as a as a she can be really scary.
23	4	trusting	terrified	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	22	grateful	caring	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
7	22	sad	caring	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
15	22	ashamed	caring	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	22	impressed	caring	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i went to a local conditioning conditioning in an emergency and charge of them so i was going into a nic can't wait to eat anything.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my neighbor is always giving us things. she bakes us brownies which are delicious.
15	22	ashamed	caring	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when i found out the and and were were in me in a car accident accident. i was a dog and i got him off of them so i was very happy!
30	22	apprehensive	caring	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i found a wallet and and they were to me in a in a. i in a of a and and a she is doing well.
0	22	sentimental	caring	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one of my friends actually actually a baby in a baby with a baby and with her and and she her or him.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i wanted a girl in an emergency and or having her in in her of her. she she the.
23	22	trusting	caring	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i did not have enough money for grocery so i went to the foodbank and they gave me some good meat and can food	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my sister used to live next door to me. now she has moved across town and i hardly ever see my neice.	my friend had to stay in a month after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i stole $ 20 from my friend recently. i keep meaning to slyly pay them back, but i keep backing out.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	i went to a restaurant where they cook in front of you and it was very cool! i had some teriyaki chicken	i went to a local conditioning conditioning in an emergency and charge of them so i was going into a nic can't wait to eat anything.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my upstairs neighbor is making too much noise with her heels. sometimes, she wake me up with the noise that she make.	my neighbor is always giving us things. she bakes us brownies which are delicious.
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	one time when i was in middle school, my friend was making fun of me. so, i pulled his pants down.	when i went on a cruise and and i were in my of them so i was a of them so i was a bit scared!
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	when i was a kid, i watched psycho at a sleepover on halloween. i avoided the shower for days after that.	when i was a college and and they were in me in a in a in a in a in a in a and animal field as a female were be really scary.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	one of my friend shared a post of syrian children being hit by bombs on facebook. i feel so sad for those innocent children	one time i went on a cruise and with my pet in charge of them so i was a of them so i was a dog!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have faith tha that one day my kids and i will move into a house. i'm tired of this apartment.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet i went to a dog. i put a dog in a long ago.
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i had a co - worker that became a good friend. then she stabbed me in the back and cost me my job.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it. i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit sweet as a female was be really sweet!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my mom and were in a car accident accident while i was out of my mind
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
1	17	afraid	surprised	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	17	impressed	surprised	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my sister and i watch her son's. i've never had nic neighbors.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i've had a pizza and and i've never had nic neighbors.
0	17	sentimental	surprised	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my mom had an a and and her son with me. i was a dog!
3	17	faithful	surprised	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i went to a local conditioning in my my and and was in a of and i was a of them so i was very happy!
20	17	furious	surprised	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i went to a local conditioning conditioning yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
12	17	excited	surprised	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused. i was a dog and i she is doing well.
28	17	content	surprised	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have a make a difference in an abused and i put me in a of. i's a.
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my neighbor is always giving us things. i bakes us brownies which are delicious.
31	17	devastated	surprised	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be a dog! i was a of them so i was very happy!
29	17	impressed	surprised	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i found out of my wife and i were in a car accident
12	17	excited	surprised	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend just a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i found a college and and and and they put me in charge of football footballir. me into a movie
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
26	17	anxious	surprised	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	after a long ago ago and my son in. i've never had nic neighbors.
5	17	joyful	surprised	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my friend is taking me on a cruise. i'm never had her!
13	17	annoyed	surprised	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really waiting for my nephew to be born
10	17	prepared	surprised	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just finished my fantastic fantastic.. my nerves are really bad on their decision on i got the job or not.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i went on a cruise yesterday and my neighbors were so bad so i was a dog!
10	4	prepared	terrified	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it. i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i saw a baby and and and around around and they were to me talk to them. it was a bit sweet as a female was be really sweet!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my mom and i were in a car accident accident while i was a dog!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
1	4	afraid	terrified	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	4	impressed	terrified	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my sister and i watch her mom's house while i was a dog!
8	4	jealous	terrified	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i've had a pizza and and i've never had nic neighbors.
0	4	sentimental	terrified	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my mom had a mom and actually actually a a dog! i was a of her.
3	4	faithful	terrified	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i went to a local conditioning in my and and i was in of my mind and was sweating win.
20	4	furious	terrified	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
12	4	excited	terrified	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused. i was a dog and i she is doing well.
28	4	content	terrified	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i have a make a difference in an abused and i put me in a of. i's a.
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my neighbor is always giving us things. she bakes us brownies which are delicious.
31	4	devastated	terrified	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be a dog! i was a of them so i was very happy!
29	4	impressed	terrified	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	a new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
15	4	ashamed	terrified	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i found out of my and i were in a car accident
12	4	excited	terrified	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend just a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it were me in a of them so i was a of them
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
26	4	anxious	terrified	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	after a long ago and my son and. i've never had nic neighbors.
5	4	joyful	terrified	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my friend is taking me on a cruise. i'm never had her!
13	4	annoyed	terrified	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really scary when my and and they were to me me.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
21	4	disappointed	terrified	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i went on a cruise yesterday and my neighbors were so bad on a cruise!
10	22	prepared	caring	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i wanted a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it. i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	22	disgusted	caring	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit sweet as a female was be really sweet!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my mom and i were in a car accident accident while i was out of my mind
18	22	nostalgic	caring	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
1	22	afraid	caring	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	22	impressed	caring	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my sister and i watch her mom's house. i took a dog!
8	22	jealous	caring	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i have a baby and and and they were to me. i'' t wait to eat.
0	22	sentimental	caring	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my mom had an a and and i her son with me. i was a dog!
3	22	faithful	caring	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i went to a local shelter. my pet in charge of my and and i was a of them so i was very happy!
20	22	furious	caring	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i was a dog!
12	22	excited	caring	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused. i was a dog and i she is doing well.
28	22	content	caring	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i wanted a make a difference in an abused. i put them in a i of a dog.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my neighbor is always giving us things. she bakes us brownies which are delicious.
31	22	devastated	caring	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be a dog! i was a of them so i was very happy!
29	22	impressed	caring	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
15	22	ashamed	caring	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i found out the hospital and i were in a car accident
12	22	excited	caring	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend just bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i watched a movie conditioning and and and it were really me in a of them so i was a of them
15	22	ashamed	caring	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
26	22	anxious	caring	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	after a long ago of my and and i put in in charge of footballir.. i was a into a male accident
5	22	joyful	caring	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my friend is taking me on a cruise. i'm never had her!
13	22	annoyed	caring	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really afraid when my nephew and i were in me.
10	22	prepared	caring	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just finished my fantastic fantastic.. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
21	22	disappointed	caring	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i went on a first roller coaster last month! i was scared out of my mind and was sweating freaked!
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i had a very important sales pitch to day at work. it went really well.	i had a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it. i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i recently saw someone eat a week old tuna sandwich. i wanted to throw up.	i saw a mom and baby around around and and they were were me talk to them. it was a bit sweet!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	when my child went to the bathroom in her swimming suit while in a public pool.	when my mom and were in a car accident while i was born of my neighbors.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	this time of year makes me miss being a kid. and hanging out with my parents	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
1	25	afraid	anticipating	i took a flight last week and there was awful turbulence. it was super scary!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my brother got all a's on his report card. i was blown away.	my sister and i watch a baby and's son. i've never had nic neighbors.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my neighbor has a better car than i do. i wish i had his car.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i've got a date tomorrow afternoon. i think its going go to well.	i've had a pizza and and i've never had nic neighbors.
0	25	sentimental	anticipating	my mom gave me a box of old toys i used when i was a kid.	my mom had me a a baby and i son! i was a of him.
3	25	faithful	anticipating	i had the chance to cheat on my girlfriend the other day and i didn't	i went to a local conditioning in my my and was in a of and i was a of them so i was very happy!
20	25	furious	anticipating	woke up this morning to find my neighbor's dog tearing up my vegetable garden!	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and neglected pet so i went to a local dog. i got a dog!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am going to a concert this weekend. i can't wait to go.	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i was invited to a party today. i am not sure i want to go.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused. i put a dog or i was a dog.
28	25	content	anticipating	i have always been a laid back person. i never get too worried about anything.	i wanted to make a difference in an abused. neglected. i i a dog and she is.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my neighbor revs his engine sometimes early in the morning and it gets on my nerves	my neighbor is always giving us things. she bakes us brownies which are delicious.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	i am going through a breakup, we were together for five years i am heartbroken	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i had to be a dog! i was a of them so i was very happy!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	this 8 year old girl gave a presention about her mom. we all cried.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	when i scored a low mark on my calculus test. i scored a 50 %.	when i found out of the hospital and i were in a car accident
12	25	excited	anticipating	my friend sent me a package from germany. i had no idea what was inside.	my friend just went to a hospital last month after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i miss being a kid, all the games i played with neighbors, just great times	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i took money from my daughter's piggy bank. i feel so guilty.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
26	25	anxious	anticipating	four more days and school is back in session. i could skip the entire weekend.	after a long ago of my and and to put me in a. i took off of them so i was very happy.
5	25	joyful	anticipating	my best friend is coming to visit me. i am so happy to see her.	my friend is taking me on a cruise. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	i was really peeved when i saw that my cat peed on the carpet.	i was really afraid when my nephew and i were in me.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i start school tomorrow. i am all ready and just finished getting all my supplies.	i just finished my fantastic fantastic.. my nerves are really bad on their decision on if i got the job or not.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	i went on a date tonight. i was a little upset with how it turned out	i went on a cruise yesterday and my neighbors are so bad so i was very happy!
10	17	prepared	surprised	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog had taking on a cruise!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was afraid when i found out my wife and were in a car accident
28	17	content	surprised	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
14	17	lonely	surprised	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	17	furious	surprised	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was a when and i found my son and they were to be born
20	17	furious	surprised	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
31	17	devastated	surprised	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my mom and came out on a cruise! i was very scared of them
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my mom and neighbor were taking me on a cruise! i was very scared of him.
12	17	excited	surprised	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my aunt bought an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
30	17	apprehensive	surprised	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't wait for the next movie movie to be born.
29	17	impressed	surprised	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend had a baby and and her son with me. i took care of him.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
26	17	anxious	surprised	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	17	anxious	surprised	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i can not wait for christmas. i took to a movie
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	17	angry	surprised	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my mom had an nice and i've never had nic neighbors.
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i am currentlyd for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
18	17	nostalgic	surprised	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i am currently with for my nephew to be born. i was a dog and she is doing well.
21	17	disappointed	surprised	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	i found my wallet and and yesterday and i $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	17	guilty	surprised	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i found a baby and and and they were letting me talk to them. i was a of them so i was a bit longer.
10	4	prepared	terrified	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog had taking on a cruise!
20	4	furious	terrified	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was afraid when i found out my wife and were in a car accident
28	4	content	terrified	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
14	4	lonely	terrified	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
20	4	furious	terrified	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was a when and i found my son and they were to be born
20	4	furious	terrified	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
31	4	devastated	terrified	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my mom and took away yesterday and i went to a local dog!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my mom and actually went on a cruise. i was a heartbroken!
12	4	excited	terrified	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my aunt had an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
30	4	apprehensive	terrified	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't wait for the next movie movie to be born.
29	4	impressed	terrified	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend had a baby and and her son with me. i took care of him.
31	4	devastated	terrified	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
26	4	anxious	terrified	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	4	anxious	terrified	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i can not wait for christmas. i bought a new
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
6	4	angry	terrified	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my mom had an nice and i've never had nic neighbors.
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i am currently for my my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
18	4	nostalgic	terrified	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i am currently for my my and to be born. it seems to be a.
21	4	disappointed	terrified	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	i found my wallet and and i $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
16	4	guilty	terrified	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i found a baby and and and they were letting me talk to them. i was a of them.
10	22	prepared	caring	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	22	annoyed	caring	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my dog took taking on a cruise!
20	22	furious	caring	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was afraid when i found out my wife and were in a car accident
28	22	content	caring	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
14	22	lonely	caring	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
20	22	furious	caring	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was a when i found out my and and they were to me
20	22	furious	caring	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
31	22	devastated	caring	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my mom and took away yesterday. i was a dog!
11	22	embarrassed	caring	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my mom and actually actually on a cruise! i was a heartbroken!
12	22	excited	caring	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my aunt bought an emergency and dropped her son with me, i took care of him.
30	22	apprehensive	caring	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't wait for the next movie movie to come out.
29	22	impressed	caring	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
31	22	devastated	caring	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
26	22	anxious	caring	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	22	anxious	caring	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i can not wait for christmas. i took to a movie
15	22	ashamed	caring	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	22	angry	caring	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my mom had an nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
27	22	hopeful	caring	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was a!
18	22	nostalgic	caring	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i am currently for my my and to be born. it seems to be a.
21	22	disappointed	caring	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	i found my wallet and and i were in a car accident. i was a of them
16	22	guilty	caring	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i found my neighbors and they were around me. i've never had nic neighbors.
10	25	prepared	anticipating	i have been preparing for a triathlon for months. i feel ready.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my dog pooped on the rug today. i was so peeved!	my mom is taking me on a cruise!
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was pissed when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was afraid when i found out my wife and were in a car accident
28	25	content	anticipating	doing pretty good at work today. feeling like things are going my way.	i am looking forward for the new pizza pizza to open up here. i can't wait to eat there.
14	25	lonely	anticipating	i recently moved to a new town and i don't know anyone.	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad their decision on if i got the job or not.
20	25	furious	anticipating	i was upset when i saw someone had put a dent in my car door	i was a little when and i found out my son and
20	25	furious	anticipating	my ipad is locked. my son kept putting in the wrong passcode.	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	when my dog died last year, it killed me. it was so random	when my mom went out on a cruise. i was a dog!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	my zipper was down all day. no one told me so that was bad	my mom went taking me on a cruise! i was very scared of her.
12	25	excited	anticipating	my heart cannot contain my joy to know that i can carry my grand child	my new neighbors are actually nice. i've never had nic neighbors.
30	25	apprehensive	anticipating	i don't think i should get on my flight in the morning.	i can't wait for the next movie movie to be born.
29	25	impressed	anticipating	my friend is a teacher and took a kid in who was being abused.	my friend had a baby and and her son with me. i took care of him.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my best friend is leaving her job. we have worked together for ten years	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i am so jittery about my new job tomororw.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
26	25	anxious	anticipating	i cant wait to hear if my house sells. i am so nervous	i can not wait for christmas. i won to be born
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i came in last in the race, i am not good at running.	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
6	25	angry	anticipating	my uber had me late to work this morning. i was not happy.	my mom is taking me on a cruise! i've never had a cruise!
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i have high hopes this football season. i think my team will do well	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born i was a to be so i was
18	25	nostalgic	anticipating	i love meeting up with old friends and catching up. its so sweet.	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i've never had nic neighbors.
21	25	disappointed	anticipating	last week was my birthday and i didn't get not one present.	i found my wallet and and i went to a local dog. i got a dog and
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i snooped through my friend's phone and read some questionable text.	i watched a movie conditioning and and and they put me in charge of football movie...
29	17	impressed	surprised	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the first time my mom and came to me. i went to a dog and she was born.
9	17	grateful	surprised	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i found a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
2	17	proud	surprised	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was happy my my and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
23	17	trusting	surprised	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i found my wallet and and won $ 100 on it. i won $ 100 on it!
9	17	grateful	surprised	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i hope my new and to open up. i and they were to be me.
2	17	proud	surprised	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my son took me to a scratch yesterday. i've never had nic neighbors.
12	17	excited	surprised	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
16	17	guilty	surprised	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i am taking my on my nerves. i never never had anything so i was so happy!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i've never had my nephew to be born.
7	17	sad	surprised	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my mom took a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was a college and and and and they put me in in a movie
27	17	hopeful	surprised	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad on their job or not.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog had taking me on a cruise. i'm really worried about her!
15	17	ashamed	surprised	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and she her or not.
7	17	sad	surprised	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
19	17	confident	surprised	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	17	sad	surprised	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i am currently and my my to be born. it seems to be a.
6	17	angry	surprised	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've had a neighbors and and they were to me. i've never had nic neighbors.
12	17	excited	surprised	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i've never had for a cruise! i was a bit worried about
13	17	annoyed	surprised	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my neighbor is always giving us things. i bakes us brownies which are delicious.
19	17	confident	surprised	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i am currently and my my to be born. it seems to be a.
31	17	devastated	surprised	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my aunt just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
8	17	jealous	surprised	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
24	17	disgusted	surprised	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i watched i movie and and and it were me me.
11	17	embarrassed	surprised	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	4	impressed	terrified	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the first i went on my nerves yesterday and was scared out of my mind and was sweating longer.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i found a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
2	4	proud	terrified	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was awaiting my and and i found out my wife and were born
23	4	trusting	terrified	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i found my wallet and and won $ 100 on it. i had to take care of them.
9	4	grateful	terrified	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i hope my new and to open up and i they were to be there.
2	4	proud	terrified	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my son took me a scratch yesterday and won't wait to eat.
12	4	excited	terrified	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
16	4	guilty	terrified	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i am taking my my my to be born. i'm really worried about
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i've never had my nephew to be born.
7	4	sad	terrified	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my mom took a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was a college and and and and they put me in in a movie
27	4	hopeful	terrified	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad on their job or not.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog is taking me on a cruise. i'm really worried about her!
15	4	ashamed	terrified	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i wanted to make a difference in an abused and she her or not.
7	4	sad	terrified	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
19	4	confident	terrified	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	4	sad	terrified	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i am currently and and my son and they were to me. i was a to stay longer.
6	4	angry	terrified	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've had a local and and and they were me to a.
12	4	excited	terrified	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i've never had a cruise. i never never had
13	4	annoyed	terrified	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my neighbor is always giving us things. i bakes us brownies which are delicious.
19	4	confident	terrified	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i am currently of my my and to be born
31	4	devastated	terrified	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
8	4	jealous	terrified	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
24	4	disgusted	terrified	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i watched i movie and and and it were me me.
11	4	embarrassed	terrified	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	22	impressed	caring	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the other i went to a local shelter. i took care of my dog.
9	22	grateful	caring	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i just went on a interview interview. my nerves are really bad on a job
2	22	proud	caring	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was happy my my and and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
23	22	trusting	caring	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i found my wallet and and won $ 100 on it. i won $ 100 on it!
9	22	grateful	caring	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i think my new neighbors and in charge of them so i was a bit animal! i was a of them so i was a happy!
2	22	proud	caring	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my son just went on a cruise. i'm really worried about her and hope she is doing.
12	22	excited	caring	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
16	22	guilty	caring	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i am taking my my my to be born. i was a bit worried about
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i've never had my nephew to be born. i was a dog.
7	22	sad	caring	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my mom took taking me on a cruise! i was a heart off of him.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was a college and and and and they put me in a in a movie
27	22	hopeful	caring	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad on their job or not.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
24	22	disgusted	caring	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog is taking me on a cruise. i'm really worried about her!
15	22	ashamed	caring	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i wanted to make a difference in an abused. she heart attack.
7	22	sad	caring	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
19	22	confident	caring	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	22	sad	caring	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i am currently and my my to be born. it seems to be a.
6	22	angry	caring	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've never had a neighbors. i neighbors and they were were me.
12	22	excited	caring	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i've never had for a new neighbors.
13	22	annoyed	caring	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my neighbor is always giving us things. i bakes us brownies.
19	22	confident	caring	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i am currently of my my and to be born. there were a sweet or she is.
31	22	devastated	caring	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
8	22	jealous	caring	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
24	22	disgusted	caring	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i watched i movie and and and it were me me.
11	22	embarrassed	caring	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
29	25	impressed	anticipating	the other day my daughter knew to throw away her food when she was done.	the first time i went on a cruise, i my my and was a of them
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i won a contest at my job for a free dinner for two! so happy	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad on a nerves
2	25	proud	anticipating	i was happy for my brother when he graduated college. he worked hard for it	i was happy for my nephew to be born i was born
23	25	trusting	anticipating	i thought my son was capable of cleaning the kitchen. apparently i was wrong.	i found my wallet and and won $ 100 on it. i won $ 100 on it!
9	25	grateful	anticipating	i love that my kids still get excited for school. i get just as excited	i think my new neighbors and in charge of them so i was a bit animal! i was a of them
2	25	proud	anticipating	my son won his first little league game today. i was filled with pride.	my son took me to a scratch yesterday. i've never had nic neighbors.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i am about to go on vacation to the beach! i am so ready!	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
16	25	guilty	anticipating	i cheated on my math final. i feel pretty bad about it right now.	i am taking my my to my to be born. i was a bit worried about
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i accidently hit my friends car parking this morning. i felt shame a bit	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to building a gaming pc. this is my first time.	i've never had my nephew to be born.
7	25	sad	anticipating	my cat got hit by a car. i had just got home from hockey.	my mom took a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it!
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	i was walking and tripped over the curb. my day started of wrong today.	i was a college and and and they put me in in a movie accident.
27	25	hopeful	anticipating	i just recently applied for my dream college. i want to get in very badly	i just went on a fantastic interview. my nerves are really bad bad on their job or not.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend just bought a new bmw. i am so envious of him.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	my dog pooped on the carpet today. i feel so sick about it.	my dog is taking me on a cruise. i'm really worried about her!
15	25	ashamed	anticipating	i felt that i had to let it go because my son did a stupid thing	i wanted to make a difference in an abused. i put her dog or not.
7	25	sad	anticipating	i get a little upset this time of year. it makes me miss my dad	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born
19	25	confident	anticipating	i recently got a new haircut and i feel really good about myself now!	i bought a scratch off ticket yesterday and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
7	25	sad	anticipating	i miss living close to all my friends. we never see each other any more	i am currently waiting for my nephew to be born. i was a to be
6	25	angry	anticipating	i've been upset at how hard i have to work for a living.	i've never had a neighbors. i neighbors and they were were me.
12	25	excited	anticipating	i'm going to six flags tomorrow. i am so hyped!	i've never had for a cruise.
13	25	annoyed	anticipating	my cat will not stop meowing at me. he is a mad man.	my neighbor is always giving us things. i bakes us brownies which are delicious.
19	25	confident	anticipating	i love the relationship i have with my husband. we have an amazing marriage.	i am currently and my my to be born. it seems to be a.
31	25	devastated	anticipating	my dog just died. it was the worst thing that ever happened to me.	my friend just went to the hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
8	25	jealous	anticipating	my friend got a new car yesterday which i have been saving up for years.	my friend just went to a hospital last week after having a heart attack. i'm really worried about her and hope she's ok.
24	25	disgusted	anticipating	i remember having escargot on a cruise. it was the worst.	i watched i movie and came and it were really me.
11	25	embarrassed	anticipating	me and my partner were in disagreement in the shopping mall and everyone was watching us	i bought a scratch off ticket and won $ 100 on it! i never win anything off of them so i was very happy!
